<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2.A
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>exh2-a.txt
<DESCRIPTION>PURCHASE AGREEMENT
<TEXT>

                                                                 EXHIBIT 2(a)


 ============================================================================

                              PURCHASE AGREEMENT

                                 by and among

                      Hallmark Financial Services, Inc.,

                        Millers American Group, Inc.,

                                     and

                            Trilogy Holdings, Inc.


                         dated as of December 6, 2002

 ============================================================================

                This Agreement is subject to arbitration under
                  the rules and regulations of the American
                     Arbitration Association as provided
                             in Article X hereof.

<PAGE>

                              TABLE OF CONTENTS

                                                                      Page
                                                                      ----

 ARTICLE I. TERMS OF THE PURCHASE AND SALE........................      1
      Section 1.1  Sale of Shares ................................      1
      Section 1.2  Purchase Price ................................      1
      Section 1.3  Effective Date of Sale ........................      1

 ARTICLE II. CLOSING..............................................      2
      Section 2.1  Closing .......................................      2
      Section 2.2  Deliveries by the Sellers .....................      2
      Section 2.3  Deliveries by Purchaser .......................      3
      Section 2.4  Simultaneous Deliveries .......................      3
      Section 2.5  Sales and Transfer Taxes ......................      3

 ARTICLE III. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF SELLERS...........      3
      Section 3.1  Seller Organization; Good Standing ............      3
      Section 3.2  Title to Shares ...............................      3
      Section 3.3  Power and Authority ...........................      4
      Section 3.4  Authorization, Execution and Validity .........      4
      Section 3.5  No Conflict; Consents .........................      4
      Section 3.6  Company Organization; Good Standing; Delivery
                   of Charter Documents ..........................      4
      Section 3.7  Power and Authority ...........................      4
      Section 3.8  Authorization, Execution and Validity .........      4
      Section 3.9  No Conflict; Consents .........................      4
      Section 3.10 Capitalization ................................      5
      Section 3.11 No Undisclosed Liabilities ....................      5
      Section 3.12 Sufficiency and Condition of and Title to the
                   Company Assets.................................      5
      Section 3.13 Personal Property. ............................      5
      Section 3.14 Compliance with Laws ..........................      6
      Section 3.15 Insurance .....................................      6
      Section 3.16 Contracts .....................................      6
      Section 3.17 Litigation; Orders ............................      7
      Section 3.18 Permits .......................................      7
      Section 3.19 Intangible Assets. ............................      7
      Section 3.20 Employees. ....................................      7
      Section 3.21 Employee Benefits. ............................      8
      Section 3.22 Taxes. ........................................      9
      Section 3.23 Bank Accounts; Powers of Attorney .............     10
      Section 3.24 Affiliated Transactions .......................     10
      Section 3.25 Books and Records .............................     10
      Section 3.26 Full Disclosure ...............................     10
      Section 3.27 Brokers .......................................     10
      Section 3.28 Absence of Sensitive Payment ..................     10
      Section 3.29 Liabilities ...................................     11
      Section 3.30 Real Property .................................     11
      Section 3.31 Reinsurance Transactions ......................     11

 ARTICLE IV. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PURCHASER..........     11
      Section 4.1  Organization; Good Standing ...................     11
      Section 4.2  Power and Authority ...........................     12
      Section 4.3  Authorization; Execution and Validity .........     12
      Section 4.4  No Conflict; Purchaser Consents ...............     12
      Section 4.5  Full Disclosure ...............................     12
      Section 4.6  Brokers .......................................     12

 ARTICLE V. COVENANTS OF SELLERS..................................     12
      Section 5.1  Cooperation of the Sellers ....................     12
      Section 5.2  Pre-Closing Access to Information .............     12
      Section 5.3  Conduct of Business ...........................     13
      Section 5.4  Supplements to Schedules ......................     13
      Section 5.5  Standstill ....................................     13
      Section 5.6  Discharge of Encumbrances .....................     13
      Section 5.7  Non-Disclosure; Non-Competition;
                   Non-Solicitation...............................     14

 ARTICLE VI. COVENANTS OF PURCHASER...............................     15
      Section 6.1  Cooperation by Purchaser ......................     15

 ARTICLE VII. MUTUAL COVENANTS....................................     15
      Section 7.1  Governmental Consents .........................     15
      Section 7.2  Consents to Assign Leases and Contracts. ......     15
      Section 7.3  Permits. ......................................     16
      Section 7.4  Books and Records. ............................     16
      Section 7.5  Further Assurances ............................     17
      Section 7.6  Supplemental Document and Consents ............     17
      Section 7.7  Tax Matters. ..................................     17
      Section 7.8  Employee Matters. .............................     19

 ARTICLE VIII. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO CLOSING....................     19
      Section 8.1  Conditions Precedent to Purchaser's Obligations     19
      Section 8.2  Conditions Precedent to the Sellers'
                   Obligations....................................     20
      Section 8.3  If Conditions Not Satisfied ...................     21

 ARTICLE IX. TERMINATION PRIOR TO CLOSING.........................     21
      Section 9.1  Termination of Agreement ......................     21
      Section 9.2  Procedure Upon Termination ....................     21

 ARTICLE X. ARBITRATION AND EQUITABLE REMEDIES....................     22
      Section 10.1  Settlement Meeting ...........................     22
      Section 10.2  Arbitration Proceedings ......................     22
      Section 10.3  Place of Arbitration .........................     22
      Section 10.4  Discovery ....................................     23
      Section 10.5  Equitable Remedies ...........................     23
      Section 10.6  Exclusive Jurisdiction .......................     23
      Section 10.7  Judgments ....................................     23
      Section 10.8  Expenses .....................................     23
      Section 10.9  Cost of the Arbitration ......................     23
      Section 10.10 Exclusivity of Remedies ......................     23

 ARTICLE XI. MISCELLANEOUS........................................     23
      Section 11.1  Amendment ....................................     23
      Section 11.2  Counterparts .................................     24
      Section 11.3  Entire Agreement .............................     24
      Section 11.4  Expenses .....................................     24
      Section 11.5  Governing Law ................................     24
      Section 11.6  Consent to Service of Process ................     24
      Section 11.7  No Assignment ................................     24
      Section 11.8  No Third Party Beneficiaries .................     25
      Section 11.9  Notices ......................................     25
      Section 11.10 Public Announcements..........................     25
      Section 11.11 Representation by Legal Counsel...............     25
      Section 11.12 Schedules.....................................     25
      Section 11.13 Severability..................................     26
      Section 11.14 Specific Performance..........................     26
      Section 11.15 Successors....................................     26
      Section 11.16 Time of the Essence...........................     26
      Section 11.17 Waiver........................................     26

 SCHEDULES
      Schedule 3.9      Consents
      Schedule 3.10     Capitalization
      Schedule 3.13(a)  Owned Personal Property
      Schedule 3.13(b)  Leased Personal Property
      Schedule 3.15     Insurance
      Schedule 3.16     Contracts
      Schedule 3.17     Litigation; Orders
      Schedule 3.18     Permits
      Schedule 3.19(a)  Owned Intangible Assets
      Schedule 3.19(b)  Licensed Intangible Assets
      Schedule 3.20(a)  Employees
      Schedule 3.20(b)  Employment Agreements
      Schedule 3.21(a)  Identification of Seller Plans
      Schedule 3.21(d)  Welfare Plan Exceptions
      Schedule 3.21(e)  Employee Benefit Plan Consequences
      Schedule 3.22(c)  Taxes
      Schedule 3.23     Bank Accounts; Powers of Attorney
      Schedule 3.24     Affiliated Transactions
      Schedule 3.29     Liabilities
      Schedule 3.30     Leased Real Property
      Schedule 3.31(a)  Reinsured Business Agreements and Arrangements
      Schedule 3.31(b)  Ceded Business Agreements and Arrangements
      Schedule 3.31(c)  Terminated Reinsured Business and Ceded
                        Business Agreements and Arrangements
      Schedule 3.31(d)  Continuing Reinsured Business and Ceded
                        Business Agreements and Arrangements
      Schedule 7.2(b)   Pre-Closing; Required Consents
      Schedule 7.3(b)   Pre-Closing; Required Permits
      Schedule 7.8(a)   Assumed Plans

<PAGE>

                              PURCHASE AGREEMENT


      THIS PURCHASE AGREEMENT  (this "Agreement"),  dated as  of December  6,
 2002 (the "Signing Date"), is made by and among Hallmark Financial Services,
 Inc., a Nevada  corporation ("Purchaser"), Millers  American Group, Inc.,  a
 Texas corporation ("MAG"), and Trilogy Holdings, Inc., a Nevada  corporation
 ("Trilogy", and together with MAG, the "Sellers").


                            PRELIMINARY STATEMENTS

      A.   Trilogy owns  all of  the issued  and  outstanding shares  of  the
 common stock (the "Common Stock") of Phoenix Indemnity Insurance Company, an
 Arizona insurance company  (the "Company"), which  shares constitute all  of
 the issued and outstanding securities of the Company.

      B.   Purchaser, the Company and the Sellers are sometimes  collectively
 referred to as the "Parties," and individually referred to as a "Party."

      C.   Trilogy desires to sell, and Purchaser desires to purchase, all of
 Trilogy's shares  of  the Common  Stock  on the  terms  and subject  to  the
 conditions set forth in this Agreement.

      D.   Capitalized terms used in this Agreement are defined or indexed in
 Appendix A for the convenience of the  reader and in order to eliminate  the
 need for  cross-references.   Appendix  A is  incorporated  herein  by  this
 reference.


                            STATEMENT OF AGREEMENT

      NOW, THEREFORE,  in  consideration  of  the  premises  and  the  mutual
 agreements, covenants,  representations and  warranties  set forth  in  this
 Agreement and for other good, valid  and binding consideration, the  receipt
 and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties, intending  to
 be legally bound, hereby agree as follows:


                                  ARTICLE I.
                        TERMS OF THE PURCHASE AND SALE

      Section 1.1    Sale of Shares.  Subject to the terms and conditions and
 in reliance  upon  the representations  and  warranties set  forth  in  this
 Agreement, at the Closing  Trilogy shall sell and  assign to Purchaser,  and
 Purchaser shall purchase and acquire from Trilogy, 500,000 shares of  Common
 Stock (the  "Shares")  free  and  clear  of  all  Encumbrances,  other  than
 Permitted Encumbrances, for the Purchase Price  set forth in Purchase  Price
 hereof.

      Section 1.2    Purchase  Price.    The  total  consideration  paid   by
 Purchaser for the Shares shall be $7,000,000 (the "Purchase Price").  On the
 Closing Date (as  defined below),  as payment in  full for  the Shares,  the
 outstanding principal amount  due under  that certain  Amended and  Restated
 Note, dated November 1, 2002, by MAG  in favor of Purchaser (the "Note")  on
 such date shall be decreased by the Purchase Price.

      Section 1.3    Effective Date of Sale.   The parties hereto agree  that
 the effective date for the sale of the Shares shall be January 1, 2003  (the
 "Effective Date").


                                 ARTICLE II.
                                   CLOSING

      Section 2.1    Closing.     The   consummation  of   the   transactions
 contemplated by  this Agreement  (the "Closing")  shall  take place  at  the
 offices of Akin Gump  Strauss Hauer & Feld  LLP, 1700 Pacific Avenue,  Suite
 4100, Dallas, Texas  75201 on the  first business day following the date  on
 which all of the  conditions set forth  in Article VIII,  to the extent  not
 waived, are satisfied.  The Closing may  be postponed to such other date  as
 the Parties may  mutually agree.   The date  on which  the Closing  actually
 occurs is hereinafter referred to as the "Closing Date."

      Section 2.2    Deliveries by the Sellers.  At the Closing, the  Sellers
 or each Seller, as the case may be, shall deliver the following:

           (a)  the closing certificates referred to in Closing  Certificate.
 An executive officer  of each  Seller shall  have delivered  to Purchaser  a
 certificate confirming (i) the satisfaction of  the conditions set forth  in
 Sections of and  Warranties.  representations  and warranties  made by  each
 Seller in this Agreement shall have been true and complete as of the Signing
 Date and as  of the  Closing Date as  though made  as of  the Closing  Date,
 except to  the  extent such  representations  or  warranties made  as  of  a
 specific date  shall have  been correct  and complete  as of  the  specified
 date., of Covenants.  The Company  and each Seller shall have performed  and
 complied with all  agreements, covenants  and obligations  required by  this
 Agreement to be  performed by such  party prior to  or at  the Closing.  and
 Material Adverse Change.  The Company has not undergone any Material Adverse
 Change since the Signing Date. and  (ii) the continuing force and effect  of
 the Required Consents and Required Permits.;

           (b)  a  certificate  or   certificates  representing  the   Shares
 endorsed in blank or  together with duly executed  stock transfer powers  in
 favor of Purchaser dated the Effective Date;

           (c)  a certificate dated within ten  business days of the  Closing
 from the Secretary of State of  such Seller's jurisdiction of formation  (or
 other proper state official) certifying as to the Seller's good standing  in
 such state;

           (d)  a certificate  executed  by  the secretary  or  an  assistant
 secretary of such Seller certifying as to (i) the resolutions in which  such
 Seller's board of  directors approved  this Agreement  and the  transactions
 contemplated hereby, and (ii) the incumbency  of such Seller's officers  who
 execute any  documents on  behalf of  such Seller  in connection  with  this
 Agreement;

           (e)  the  recorded  Charter  Document  of  the  Company,  recently
 certified by the Secretary of State (or other proper state official) of  the
 State of Arizona;

           (f)  a  certificate  of  existence  and  good  standing  (or   the
 functional equivalents) for the  Company dated within  ten business days  of
 the Closing Date  issued by the  Secretary of State  (or other proper  state
 official) of the State of Arizona;

           (g)  all Books and Records of the Company;

           (h)  executed counterparts of all  Required Consents and  Required
 Permits;

           (i)  a cross-receipt evidencing the delivery of the Shares and the
 reduction in the  outstanding principal  amount due  under the  Note by  the
 Purchase Price;

           (j)  the document  referred to  in .   (a)   At  or prior  to  the
 Closing, the applicable  Parties shall execute  the following document  (the
 "Supplemental Document"):, executed by both of the Sellers;

           (k)  each of the consents referred to in Prior to the Closing, the
 Sellers shall obtain the following consents from the following Parties:; and

           (l)  all other previously  undelivered documents, instruments  and
 writings required  to  be  delivered  by each  Seller  and  the  Company  to
 Purchaser at or  prior to the  Closing pursuant to  this Agreement and  such
 other documents, instruments  and certificates as  Purchaser may  reasonably
 request in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

      Section 2.3    Deliveries by  Purchaser.   At  the  Closing,  Purchaser
 shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the Sellers the following:

           (a)  the closing  and  secretary's  certificates  referred  to  in
 Sections 0 and Certificate.  Purchaser shall  have delivered to the  Company
 and each Seller  a certificate  executed by  the secretary  or an  assistant
 secretary of  Purchaser  certifying  as to  (i)  the  resolutions  in  which
 Purchaser's board of directors approved this Agreement and the  transactions
 contemplated hereby, and  (ii) the  incumbency of  Purchaser's officers  who
 execute any  documents  on  behalf of  Purchaser  in  connection  with  this
 Agreement.;

           (b)  a cross-receipt evidencing the delivery of the Shares and the
 reduction in the  outstanding principal  amount due  under the  Note by  the
 Purchase Price; and

           (c)  all other previously  undelivered documents, instruments  and
 writings required to be delivered by Purchaser to the Sellers at or prior to
 the Closing pursuant to this Agreement and such other documents, instruments
 and certificates as the  Sellers may reasonably  request in connection  with
 the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

      Section 2.4    Simultaneous Deliveries.  The delivery of the  documents
 required to be delivered at the Closing pursuant to this Agreement shall  be
 deemed to occur simultaneously.  No  delivery shall be effective until  each
 Party has  received, or  waived  receipt of,  all  the documents  that  this
 Agreement entitles such Party to receive.

      Section 2.5    Sales and Transfer Taxes.   Any Taxes and any  transfer,
 recording or similar fees and charges  arising out of or in connection  with
 the transactions  contemplated  by this  Agreement  shall be  borne  by  the
 Sellers.  The Sellers and Purchaser  will cooperate to obtain all  available
 exemptions from the foregoing Taxes.


                                 ARTICLE III.
                  REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF SELLERS

      Each Seller, jointly and severally,  hereby represents and warrants  to
 Purchaser that the statements made in this Article III are true, correct and
 complete.

      Section 3.1    Seller Organization; Good  Standing.  Each  Seller is  a
 corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under  the
 laws of the state in which such Seller is incorporated.  Each Seller is duly
 qualified or licensed as a foreign corporation in each jurisdiction in which
 the nature of such Seller's business  makes such qualification or  licensing
 necessary.

      Section 3.2    Title to Shares.  Trilogy  is the record and  beneficial
 owner of  the  Shares,  free  and clear  of  all  Encumbrances,  other  than
 Permitted Encumbrances.  At the Closing, Trilogy will transfer to  Purchaser
 its entire right, title and interest in and to the Shares free and clear  of
 all Encumbrances, other than Permitted Encumbrances.

      Section 3.3    Power and  Authority.   Each  Seller has  the  requisite
 power and authority to  execute and deliver this  Agreement, to perform  its
 obligations  hereunder  and  to  consummate  the  transactions  contemplated
 hereby, including  the execution,  delivery and  performance of  all of  the
 Transaction Documents to which such Seller is a party.

      Section 3.4    Authorization, Execution  and  Validity.   Each  of  the
 Transaction Documents,  when  executed  by  each  Seller  and  delivered  to
 Purchaser,  will  be  duly  authorized  (where  appropriate),  executed  and
 delivered, and will constitute a valid, legal and binding obligation of such
 Seller, enforceable against such Seller in accordance with the terms of such
 Transaction Document, subject to any Law Affecting Creditors' Rights.

      Section 3.5    No Conflict;  Consents.   The  execution,  delivery  and
 performance by each Seller of each Transaction Document will not (a) violate
 any Law, (b) violate  any Charter Document of  such Seller (if  applicable),
 (c) violate any  Order to  which such Seller  is a  party or  by which  such
 Seller or its assets is bound, (d) result in the creation of any Encumbrance
 on any of the Shares, or (e) require  any Consent from any Person that  will
 not be obtained and delivered on or before the Closing Date.

      Section 3.6    Company Organization; Good Standing; Delivery of Charter
 Documents.  The Company  is a property and  casualty insurance company  duly
 organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State
 of Arizona.    The  Company is  duly  qualified  or licensed  as  a  foreign
 insurance company in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the  Company's
 business makes qualification or licensing necessary.   Prior to the  Signing
 Date, the Company  has delivered, or  caused to be  delivered, to  Purchaser
 true and  complete copies  of the  Charter Documents  of the  Company as  in
 effect on the Signing Date.

      Section 3.7    Power and  Authority.   The  Company has  all  requisite
 corporate  power  and  authority  necessary  to  execute  and  deliver   any
 Transaction Document  to  which the  Company  is  a party,  to  perform  its
 obligations thereunder  and  to  consummate  the  transactions  contemplated
 thereby.  The Company  has all the requisite  corporate power and  authority
 necessary to own, operate and lease its assets and to carry on its  business
 as and where conducted.

      Section 3.8    Authorization, Execution  and  Validity.   Each  of  the
 Transaction Documents to which the Company is a party, when executed by  the
 Company and delivered to  Purchaser, will be  duly authorized, executed  and
 delivered, and will constitute a valid, legal and binding obligation of  the
 Company, enforceable against  the Company in  accordance with  the terms  of
 such Transaction Document, subject to any Law Affecting Creditors' Rights.

      Section 3.9    No Conflict;  Consents.   The  execution,  delivery  and
 performance by the Company of each Transaction Document to which the Company
 is a party will not (a) violate any Law, (b) violate any Charter Document of
 the Company, (c) violate  any Order to which  the Company is  a party or  by
 which the Company or its assets is bound, (d) breach any Material  Contract,
 (e) result in the creation of any Encumbrance on any assets of the  Company,
 other than  Permitted Encumbrances,  or (f)  require  any Consent  from  any
 Person, except as set forth on Schedule 3.9.

      Section 3.10   Capitalization.  Schedule 3.10 lists the total number of
 authorized, issued and outstanding shares of  capital stock of the  Company.
 All the shares of the Company  have been duly authorized and validly  issued
 and are fully paid and nonassessable.   There are no issued and  outstanding
 shares of capital stock of the Company other than such shares.  There is  no
 authorized  or  outstanding  option,  subscription,  warrant,  call,  right,
 commitment or other agreement (each, a "Subscription Right") obligating  the
 Company to issue or sell any shares  of its capital stock or any  securities
 convertible into or exercisable for any  shares of its capital stock.   None
 of the Shares were issued or will be transferred pursuant to this  Agreement
 in violation of  any preemptive or  preferential rights or  rights of  first
 refusal of any Person.  The Company  has no subsidiaries and owns no  shares
 of capital  stock,  partnership  interests  or  other  beneficial  ownership
 interests in any other Person.

      Section 3.11   No Undisclosed Liabilities.  To the Sellers'  knowledge,
 (i) none of  the assets or  the business of  the Company is  subject to  any
 Claim of any nature, absolute or contingent, except for the Claims described
 on Schedule 3.17, and (ii)  no events have  occurred or circumstances  exist
 that could give rise to any future Claim that could have a Material  Adverse
 Effect on the assets or the business of the Company.

      Section 3.12   Sufficiency and Condition  of and Title  to the  Company
 Assets.

           (a)  Sufficiency of the Company Assets.   The assets reflected  on
 the Books and Records  of the Company  (collectively, the "Company  Assets")
 constitute all the assets, properties, licenses and other arrangements which
 are presently being used  or are reasonably related  to the business of  the
 Company, and are sufficient to operate such business in a manner  consistent
 with past practice and historic capacity.

           (b)  Condition of the Company Assets.  Each of the Company  Assets
 complies with Law and is in good and normal operating condition and  repair,
 structurally sound with no known defects (ordinary wear and tear  excepted),
 and suitable for its intended use.

           (c)  Title to the  Company Assets.   At the  Closing, the  Company
 will hold  good, valid  and  indefeasible title  to,  or a  valid  leasehold
 interest in, each of the Company Assets, free and clear of all Encumbrances,
 other than Permitted Encumbrances.

           (d)  No Transfers.   During  the six  month period  preceding  the
 Closing Date, the Company has not transferred any Company Assets to a Seller
 or affiliate of any Seller and the Company has not made any distribution  of
 cash to any Seller or affiliate of any Seller.

      Section 3.13   Personal Property.

           (a)  Owned Personal Property.  Schedule  3.13(a) lists, as of  the
 Signing Date,  all  of  the  personal  property  (including  all  machinery,
 equipment, vehicles,  structures,  fixtures  and  furniture)  owned  by  the
 Company and used in the business of the Company, located on its premises  or
 acquired after the date thereof.

           (b)  Leased Personal Property.  Schedule 3.13(b) lists, as of  the
 Signing Date, all the leases of personal property to which the Company is  a
 party.  All of  the leases on  Schedule 3.13(b) and  any leases of  personal
 property entered into after the Signing  Date in accordance with Conduct  of
 Business (collectively, the "Personal Property Leases") are or when  entered
 into will be, as  applicable, valid, binding and  in full force and  effect.
 Neither the Company nor, to the  Sellers' Knowledge, any other Person is  in
 default under any Personal Property Lease, nor is there any event which with
 notice or lapse of time, or  both, would constitute a default thereunder  by
 the Company  or any  other Person.   True  and complete  copies of  all  the
 Personal Property Leases, and any amendments thereto, have been provided  to
 Purchaser prior to the Signing Date.

      Section 3.14   Compliance with Laws.  The Company has complied with all
 Laws in the  conduct of  its business.   The  Company has  not received  any
 notice from any Governmental  Authority or other  Person asserting that  the
 Company has  violated any  Law.   No events  have occurred  or, to  Sellers'
 Knowledge, circumstances exist that could cause  the Company to violate  any
 Law in the future.

      Section 3.15   Insurance.  Schedule 3.15 lists, as of the Signing Date,
 all insurance policies which  insure the business of  the Company or any  of
 the assets  of  the  Company  against  loss  (collectively,  the  "Insurance
 Policies"), including each  insurer's name, coverage  deductible and  limit,
 expiration date and current premium.  Each Insurance Policy is in full force
 and effect, all premiums with respect  thereto have been paid to the  extent
 due, and no  notice of cancellation  or termination has  been received  with
 respect to any such policy, other than  any policy that will be replaced  or
 is intended  to be  replaced prior  to the  expiration thereof  by  policies
 providing  substantially  the  same  coverage   from  an  insurer  that   is
 financially sound and reputable.  The Insurance Policies provide the Company
 with adequate insurance coverage against the  risks involved in the  conduct
 of the business of the Company and  ownership of the assets of the  Company.
 The coverage  provided by  the Insurance  Policies will  not in  any way  be
 affected by, or  terminate or lapse  by reason of,  the consummation of  the
 transactions contemplated by this  Agreement.  True  and complete copies  of
 all Insurance Policies have been provided to Purchaser.

      Section 3.16   Contracts.  Schedule 3.16 lists, as of the Signing Date,
 all the contracts relating to the business  and assets of the Company or  by
 which any of  the assets  of the  Company is  bound, pursuant  to which  the
 obligations of  any party  thereto  are, or  are  contemplated to  be,  with
 respect to any  such contract  (a) in excess  of $10,000  during any  twelve
 month period during the  term thereof, (b) not  terminable prior to 90  days
 after the Signing  Date, or (c)  otherwise material to  the business of  the
 Company.  All  of the contracts  listed on Schedule  3.16 and any  contracts
 entered into after the Signing Date  in accordance with Conduct of  Business
 (collectively, the "Material Contracts") are or  when entered into will  be,
 as applicable, valid and  binding and in full  force and effect, subject  to
 Laws Affecting Creditors' Rights.  Neither the Company nor, to the  Sellers'
 Knowledge, any other Person is in  default under any Material Contract,  nor
 is there  any event  which with  notice or  lapse of  time, or  both,  would
 constitute a default thereunder by the  Company or any other Person.   Other
 than the Material  Contracts, the  Company is not  a party  to any  contract
 which (x) requires  the Consent  of any Person  in order  to consummate  the
 transactions contemplated by this Agreement, (y) is in excess of the normal,
 ordinary and usual requirements  of the business of  the Company, or (z)  is
 excessive in  price  or quantity.    True and  complete  copies of  all  the
 Material Contracts have been provided to Purchaser.

      Section 3.17   Litigation; Orders.  Schedule  3.17 lists and  describes
 all Actions pending,  or to the  Sellers' Knowledge,  threatened against  or
 affecting the Company, its business or any  of its assets as of the  Signing
 Date.   There is  no other  Action pending  or, to  the Sellers'  Knowledge,
 threatened in writing  affecting the  Company, its  business or  any of  its
 assets which, if adversely  determined, would have,  individually or in  the
 aggregate, a Material  Adverse Effect.   The Company is  not subject to  any
 Order.  True and  complete copies of all  material pleadings in the  Actions
 listed on Schedule 3.17 have been provided to Purchaser.

      Section 3.18   Permits.  Schedule 3.18 lists all the Permits related to
 the assets of the Company or operation  of the business of the Company,  and
 indicates those Permits for which the  Consent of any Person is required  to
 assign such Permit.   The  Company has  obtained, maintains  in effect,  and
 complies with  the terms  and conditions  of all  Permits required  by  Law.
 There is no  Action pending  or, to  the Sellers'  Knowledge, threatened  in
 writing to revoke or limit any Permit listed on Schedule 3.18.

      Section 3.19   Intangible Assets.

           (a)  Owned Intangible  Assets.   Schedule  3.19(a) lists  all  the
 Intangible Assets owned by the Company as of the Signing Date.  With respect
 to the Intangible Assets listed on  Schedule 3.19(a) and all the  Intangible
 Assets obtained or developed prior to the Closing, (i) the Company owns  all
 right, title and interest in and to such Intangible Assets free and clear of
 all Encumbrances, (ii) the Company has not sold, transferred, licensed, sub-
 licensed or conveyed  any interest  in any  of such  Intangible Assets,  and
 (iii) to Sellers' Knowledge, no Person has infringed upon or misappropriated
 any of such Intangible Assets.

           (b)  Licensed Intangible  Assets.    Schedule  3.19(b)  lists  all
 licenses and contracts related to any  Intangible Asset used by the  Company
 as of the Signing Date.  Each license or contract listed on Schedule 3.19(b)
 and each license or contract related to an Intangible Asset which is entered
 into after the Signing Date in accordance with Conduct of Business is valid,
 binding and in full force and effect.  The Company has not infringed upon or
 misappropriated any Intangible Asset owned by another Person.

      Section 3.20   Employees.

           (a)  Employees.  Schedule 3.20(a) lists the name, job title,  date
 of  employment   and  current   annual  compensation   (salary,  bonus   and
 participation  in  any  non-qualified  deferred  or  incentive  compensation
 arrangement) for each  employee of the  Company employed as  of the  Signing
 Date (collectively,  the  "Employees").   All  Employees are  either  United
 States citizens  or otherwise  authorized to  engage  in employment  in  the
 United States  in accordance  with all  Laws.   All  sums due  for  Employee
 compensation and  benefits  and all  vacation  time owing  to  any  Employee
 (including all persons whose employment by the Company was terminated  prior
 to the Signing Date) have been duly and adequately accrued on the accounting
 Books and Records of the Company.

           (b)  Contracts.   Except as  set forth  on Schedule  3.20(b),  the
 Company is  not a  party to  (i)  any contract  for employment  between  the
 Company and an  Employee of the  Company that cannot  be terminated at  will
 without cost, or (ii) any collective bargaining agreement or other  contract
 to or with any labor union,  Employee representative or group of  Employees.
 The Company's employment  of each  of its  Employees is  terminable at  will
 without any penalty or severance obligation of  any kind on the part of  the
 Company.

           (c)  Compliance with Labor Laws.  The Company has complied and  is
 presently complying  with  all  Laws respecting  employment  and  employment
 practices, terms and conditions of employment,  and wages and hours, and  is
 not engaged in any unfair labor practice or unlawful employment practice.

      Section 3.21   Employee Benefits.

           (a)  Identification of Seller Plans.  Schedule 3.21(a) sets  forth
 a list of all Employee Benefit Plans which provide compensation or  benefits
 to employees, officers, directors or consultants of the Company,  including,
 without limitation,  all  Employee  Benefit  Plans  and  all  employment  or
 executive compensation agreements (collectively,  the "Seller Plans").   The
 Sellers have delivered to Purchaser true and complete copies of: (i) each of
 the Seller  Plans  and any  related  funding agreements  thereto  (including
 insurance contracts)  including all  amendments, all  of which  are  legally
 valid and binding and  in full force  and effect and  there are no  defaults
 thereunder, (ii) the currently effective Summary Plan Description pertaining
 to each of the Seller Plans, (iii) the three most recent annual reports  for
 each of the Seller Plans, (iv) the most recent IRS determination letter  for
 each Seller Plan  which is  intended to  constitute a  qualified plan  under
 Section 401 of the Code, and (v) financial statements for each funded Seller
 Plan.  Notwithstanding any statement or indication in this Agreement to  the
 contrary, except as disclosed in Schedule 3.21(a), there are no Seller Plans
 which the Sellers or Purchaser  will not be able  to terminate (or in  which
 the Sellers or Purchaser will not be able to terminate the participation  of
 their employees)  immediately after  the Closing  in accordance  with  their
 terms and  ERISA, and  without incurring  any expenses  (including, but  not
 limited to, loads or termination charges  imposed with respect to  insurance
 policies or  mutual  funds used  to  fund  such Seller  Plans),  other  than
 administrative expenses  in connection  with such  termination and  benefits
 accrued as of the date of such termination.

           (b)  Compliance with  Applicable Laws.   All  Seller Plans  comply
 with and  are  and have  been  operated  in material  compliance  with  each
 applicable provision of ERISA, the Code,  other federal statutes, state  Law
 (including, without limitation, state insurance Law) and the regulations and
 rules promulgated  pursuant thereto  or in  connection  therewith.   Neither
 Sellers, nor  any member  of  the same  controlled  group of  businesses  as
 Sellers within  the  meaning of  Section  4001(a)(14) of  ERISA  (an  "ERISA
 Affiliate") has failed  to make  any material  contributions or  to pay  any
 material amounts due and owing as required by the terms of any Seller  Plan.
 Other than routine claims for benefits under the Seller Plans, there are  no
 pending,  or,   to   the  best   knowledge   of  the   Sellers,   threatened
 investigations, proceedings, claims, lawsuits, disputes, actions, audits  or
 controversies involving the Seller Plans or the fiduciaries, administrators,
 or trustees of any of the Seller Plans or Sellers or any ERISA Affiliate  of
 either as the employer  or sponsor under  any Seller Plan,  with any of  the
 IRS, the Department of Labor, the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation,  any
 participant in  or  beneficiary of  any  Seller  Plan or  any  other  Person
 whomsoever.  The Sellers have no  knowledge of any reasonable basis for  any
 such claim, lawsuit, dispute, action or controversy.

           (c)  Pension  Benefit  Plans.    Neither  Sellers  nor  any  ERISA
 Affiliate is or ever was  a sponsor or obligated  to contribute to any  plan
 covered by Title IV of ERISA or Section 412 of the Code (other than the Cash
 Balance Plan), or any  "multiemployer plan," within  the meaning of  Section
 3(37) of  ERISA.   Each  of the  Seller  Plans which  is  intended to  be  a
 qualified plan under  Section 401(a) of  the Code has  received a  favorable
 determination letter from the  IRS, and has  been operated substantially  in
 accordance with its terms and with the provisions of the Code.

           (d)  Welfare Benefit Plans.  Each Seller Plan which is required to
 comply with the provisions  of Part 6 of  Title I of  ERISA, Section 601  et
 seq., and Code  Section 4980B and  the provisions of  Part 7 of  Title I  of
 ERISA, Section  701 et  seq., and  Code Section  4980D has  complied in  all
 material respects.   Except as  required by such  Sections of  the Code,  no
 Seller Plan which  is a Welfare  Benefit Plan  provides for  post-employment
 benefits other than the Seller Plans listed on Schedule 3.21(d).

           (e)  Effect of  Consummation.   Except as  set forth  on  Schedule
 3.21(e), the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
 will not (i) entitle any  current or former employee  of the Company or  any
 other individual to  a bonus,  severance pay,  unemployment compensation  or
 similar payment  by  the Company,  (ii)  otherwise accelerate  the  time  of
 payment or vesting, or  increase the amount of  any compensation due to  any
 current or former employee  of the Company, (iii)  result in any  prohibited
 transaction described in Section 406  of ERISA or  Section 4975 of the  Code
 for which an exemption  is not available or  (iv) in any  way result in  any
 liability of the Company  with respect to any  Employee Benefit Plan of  any
 Person other than any adjustments related to the ongoing funding obligations
 under the Cash Balance Plan.  None of Sellers  or the Company is a party  or
 subject to any agreement, contract or  other obligation which would  require
 the making  of any  payment, other  than payments  as contemplated  by  this
 Agreement, to any employee of the Company, Sellers or to any other Person as
 a result of the consummation of the transactions contemplated herein.

      Section 3.22   Taxes.

           (a)  Tax Returns.  All Tax returns (including amended returns  and
 claims  for   refund),   reports,   and  declarations   of   estimated   Tax
 (collectively, "Returns") which  were required to  be filed  by the  Company
 with any Governmental  Authority have been  timely filed.   All Returns  are
 true and correct and accurately reflect the Tax liabilities of the  Company.
 All Taxes shown to be due pursuant to such Returns have been paid.

           (b)  Statute of Limitations and Tax Actions.  The Company has  not
 executed any  presently effective  waiver or  extension  of any  statute  of
 limitations against  assessments and  collection of  Taxes.   There  are  no
 pending or,  to  the  Sellers' Knowledge,  threatened  Claims,  assessments,
 notices, proposals to assess, deficiencies or audits with respect to Taxes.

           (c)  Miscellaneous  Tax  Representations.    Proper  and  accurate
 amounts have been withheld and remitted by the Company from and with respect
 to all Persons from whom  it is required by  applicable law to withhold  for
 all periods in compliance with the  tax withholding provisions of all  Laws.
 Neither the Company nor,  to the Sellers'  Knowledge, any other  corporation
 has filed an election under Section 341(f) of the Code that is applicable to
 the Company  or any  of the  assets of  the Company.   Except  as listed  on
 Schedule 3.22(c), the Company is not  a party to any tax sharing  agreement.
 There is  no  contract,  plan  or  arrangement  covering  any  Person  that,
 individually or collectively, would give rise  to the payment of any  amount
 that would not be deductible by  the Company by reason of Section 162(m)  or
 Section  280G  of  the  Code.  The  Company is not a "foreign person" within
 the meaning  of  Section  1445(f)(3)  of the  Code.  Except  as  listed   on
 Schedule 3.22(c), the Company  has never  been a  member of  any group  that
 filed a consolidated federal income tax return.

      Section 3.23   Bank Accounts; Powers of Attorney.  Schedule 3.23  lists
 the names of (a)  each bank, trust  company and stock  or other broker  with
 which the Company has an account, credit line or safe deposit box or  vault,
 or otherwise  maintains relations  (the "Bank  Accounts"), (b)  all  Persons
 authorized to draw on, or to have access to, each of the Bank Accounts,  and
 (c) all Persons  authorized by  proxies, powers  of attorney  or other  like
 instruments to act  on behalf of  the Company in  any matter concerning  the
 business of the  Company.  Each  of the Bank  Accounts has  a positive  cash
 balance.   No proxies,  powers of  attorney or  other like  instruments  are
 irrevocable.

      Section 3.24   Affiliated  Transactions.    Except  as  set  forth   on
 Schedule 3.24, there are no outstanding loans or other transactions  between
 the Company  and any  officer, director,  shareholder  or affiliate  of  the
 Company or any spouse or  child of any such  person.  No officer,  director,
 shareholder or affiliate of the Company nor any spouse or child of any  such
 person owns or  has any  interest in, directly  or indirectly,  any real  or
 personal property owned by or leased to the Company.

      Section 3.25   Books and  Records.    The  Books  and  Records  of  the
 Company, all of  which have been  made available to  Purchaser prior to  the
 Signing Date, are  true, correct and  complete and have  been maintained  in
 accordance with sound  business practices, including  the maintenance of  an
 adequate system of internal controls.

      Section 3.26   Full Disclosure.  No  representation or warranty of  any
 Seller made  in  this Agreement,  nor  any written  statement  furnished  to
 Purchaser  pursuant   hereto  or   in  connection   with  the   transactions
 contemplated hereby,  contains or  will contain  any untrue  statement of  a
 material fact  which affects  the business  or  financial condition  of  the
 Company, or omits or will  omit to state a  material fact necessary to  make
 the statements or facts contained herein or therein not misleading.

      Section 3.27   Brokers.   No  Person  is or  will  become  entitled  to
 receive any brokerage or finder's fee, advisory fee or other similar payment
 for the transactions contemplated by this Agreement by virtue of having been
 engaged by or acted on behalf of any Seller or the Company.

      Section 3.28   Absence of Sensitive Payment.  The Company has not  made
 or maintained  (i) any  contributions, payments  or gifts  of its  funds  or
 property to any governmental  official, employee or  agent where either  the
 payment or  the purpose  of such  contribution, payment  or gift  was or  is
 illegal under the laws  of the United  States or any  state thereof, or  any
 other jurisdiction  (foreign  or domestic);  or  (ii) any  contribution,  or
 reimbursement of  any  political gift  or  contribution made  by  any  other
 person, to candidates for  public office, whether  federal, state, local  or
 foreign, where  such  contributions  by  the Company  were  or  would  be  a
 violation of applicable law.

      Section 3.29   Liabilities.  The Liabilities  of the Company set  forth
 in Schedule 3.29 are the only Liabilities  of the Company as of the  Signing
 Date.  None of the Liabilities set  forth on Schedule 3.29 resulted from  or
 relate to any breach of contract, breach of warranty, tort, infringement, or
 breach of any Law, or arose out of any Action or Order.

      Section 3.30   Real Property.

           (a)  Schedule 3.30 contains  a complete and  accurate list of  all
 real property leased  by the  Company (the  "Company Real  Property").   The
 Company does not own any real property.

           (b)  Except as set forth in Schedule  3.30, there are no  existing
 leases,  subleases,  tenancies,  licenses,  contracts  or  other  agreements
 relating to the Company Real Property to  which the Company is a party  (the
 "Leases").  The Company has delivered to Purchaser true and complete  copies
 of all of the Leases involving the Company Real Property.

           (c)  Each of the  Leases involving  the Company  Real Property  is
 valid and binding, and neither the Company, nor to the best knowledge of the
 Sellers and the Company, any other party thereto, is in default  thereunder,
 nor is there any event which  with notice or lapse  of time, or both,  would
 constitute an event  of default thereunder  by the Company  or, to the  best
 knowledge of the  Sellers or the  Company, any other  party thereto and  the
 Company has  not received  notice that  any party  to any  Lease intends  to
 cancel, terminate or refuse to renew the  same or to exercise or decline  to
 exercise any option or other right thereunder.

      Section 3.31   Reinsurance Transactions.   Schedule 3.31(a) lists  each
 reinsurance agreement or arrangement pursuant to which the Company reinsures
 business  (collectively,  the  "Reinsured  Business")  written  by   another
 company.  Schedule 3.31(b) lists  each reinsurance agreement or  arrangement
 pursuant to which the Company cedes  business written by the Company to  any
 reinsurer (the  "Ceded  Business").   The  Company is  not  a party  to  any
 reinsurance agreement or fronting arrangement not listed on Schedule 3.31(a)
 or 3.31(b).   The  Sellers have  provided to  Purchaser all  reinsurance  or
 fronting agreements  relating  to  the  Reinsured  Business  and  the  Ceded
 Business and all  schedules, reconciliations and  other records relating  to
 the Reinsured Business and  the Ceded Business,  including, but not  limited
 to, all information documenting the type of Reinsured Business and the Ceded
 Business, character of premiums, cash flow losses and underwriting  results.
 Neither the Company  nor any party  to any reinsurance  agreement listed  on
 Schedule 3.31(a) or 3.31(b) is in default  or violation of such  reinsurance
 agreement.  Schedule 3.31(c) lists each  reinsurance agreement that will  be
 terminated by the Company without cost  or penalty on or before the  Closing
 Date.  Schedule 3.31(d) lists each new or surviving reinsurance agreement to
 be effective on and after the Closing Date.


                                 ARTICLE IV.
                 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PURCHASER

      Purchaser hereby  represents  and  warrants to  the  Sellers  that  the
 statements set forth in this Article IV are correct and complete.

      Section 4.1    Organization; Good Standing.  Purchaser is a corporation
 duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of  the
 State of Nevada.   Purchaser is duly qualified  as a foreign corporation  in
 the State of Texas.

      Section 4.2    Power  and  Authority.    Purchaser  has  all  requisite
 corporate  power  and  authority  necessary  to  execute  and  deliver  this
 Agreement, to  perform  its  obligations hereunder  and  to  consummate  the
 transactions contemplated  hereby,  including the  execution,  delivery  and
 performance of all  of the  Transaction Documents  to which  Purchaser is  a
 party.

      Section 4.3    Authorization; Execution  and  Validity.   Each  of  the
 Transaction Documents, when  executed and  delivered by  Purchaser, will  be
 duly authorized, executed and delivered, and will constitute a valid,  legal
 and binding  obligation  of  Purchaser,  enforceable  against  Purchaser  in
 accordance with the terms of such  Transaction Document, subject to any  Law
 Affecting Creditors' Rights.

      Section 4.4    No  Conflict;  Purchaser   Consents.    The   execution,
 delivery and performance by Purchaser of each Transaction Document to  which
 it is a party will not (a) violate any Law, (b) violate any Charter Document
 of Purchaser, (c)  violate any Order  to which Purchaser  is a  party or  by
 which Purchaser or its assets is bound, or (d) require any Consent from  any
 Person.

      Section 4.5    Full Disclosure.    No  representation  or  warranty  of
 Purchaser made in this Agreement, nor any written statement furnished to the
 Sellers pursuant hereto or in connection with the transactions  contemplated
 hereby, contains or  will contain any  untrue statement of  a material  fact
 which affects the business or financial condition of Purchaser, or omits  or
 will omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements or facts
 contained herein or therein not misleading.

      Section 4.6    Brokers.   No  Person  is or  will  become  entitled  to
 receive any brokerage or finder's fee, advisory fee or other similar payment
 for the transactions contemplated by this Agreement by virtue of having been
 engaged by or acted on behalf of Purchaser.


                                  ARTICLE V.
                             COVENANTS OF SELLERS

      Section 5.1    Cooperation of  the  Sellers.   From  the  Signing  Date
 through the Closing Date, each Seller  shall use all reasonable efforts  (a)
 to take  all  actions  and  to  do all  things  necessary  or  advisable  to
 consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, (b) to cooperate
 with Purchaser in connection with the foregoing, including using  reasonable
 efforts to obtain all of  the Consents, and (c)  subject to the other  terms
 and conditions of this Agreement, to  cause all the conditions set forth  in
 Conditions Precedent to Purchaser's  Obligations, the satisfaction of  which
 is in the reasonable control of the Company or such Seller, to be  satisfied
 on or prior to Closing.

      Section 5.2    Pre-Closing Access  to Information.   From  the  Signing
 Date through the Closing Date, each Seller shall afford to Purchaser and its
 Representatives access to the  properties and the Books  and Records of  the
 Company.

      Section 5.3    Conduct of Business.  From the Signing Date through  the
 Closing Date, each  Seller shall  cause the  Company to  use all  reasonable
 efforts  to   (i)  preserve   substantially  the   relationships  with   its
 Representatives, suppliers and customers, (ii) perform its obligations under
 all contracts, leases  and Permits in  all material  respects, (iii)  comply
 with all Laws, (iv) confer with Purchaser regarding operational matters of a
 material nature, (v) report periodically  to Purchaser regarding the  status
 of its business  and the  results of its  operations, and  (vi) conduct  its
 business  in  the  ordinary  course  and  consistent  with  past  practices.
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, from the Signing
 Date through the  Closing Date, without  Purchaser's prior written  consent,
 the Company  shall not  enter into  any  Personal Property  Lease,  Material
 Contract or  other agreement  pursuant to  which, when  aggregated with  all
 other such agreements entered into after  the Signing Date and prior to  the
 Closing Date, the obligations of the Company are, or are contemplated to be,
 in excess of $5,000 during any twelve  month period during the term of  such
 agreement.

      Section 5.4    Supplements to Schedules.  If, between the Signing  Date
 and  the  Closing  Date,   any  Seller  becomes  aware   that  any  of   its
 representations and warranties in  this Agreement or  the schedules to  this
 Agreement was inaccurate when made or if during such period any event occurs
 or condition changes that causes any of such representations and  warranties
 to be inaccurate, then such Party shall notify Purchaser thereof in  writing
 and supplement  the schedules  hereto to  account for  any such  inaccuracy,
 event or change.  Any such supplement  to the schedules shall not be  deemed
 to have been disclosed, as of the Signing Date, or to have cured any  breach
 of a representation and warranty made in this Agreement, unless so agreed to
 in writing by Purchaser.

      Section 5.5    Standstill.  Until the earlier  to occur of the  Closing
 or the termination of this Agreement pursuant to Article IX, the Company and
 each Seller shall not, nor  shall each Seller permit  the Company or any  of
 their Representatives to,  (a) directly or  indirectly, encourage,  solicit,
 initiate or participate in discussions or negotiations with, or provide  any
 information or  assistance to,  any Person  (other  than Purchaser  and  its
 Representatives)  concerning  any  merger,  sale  of  securities,  sale   of
 substantial assets, investment  proposals or  similar transaction  involving
 the Company  or any  Seller, (b)  entertain or  discuss any  acquisition  or
 investment proposals whatsoever,  (c) except as  required by  law after  not
 less than five  days notice to  Purchaser, disclose to  any third party  any
 non-published  information  concerning  the  Company  or  such  Seller,  the
 business of the  Company or such  Seller or the  Company's or such  Seller's
 financial condition, or (d) withdraw Trilogy's intention to sell its  Shares
 to Purchaser.  The Company and  each Seller shall promptly notify  Purchaser
 if it receives any  such proposal or  offer or any  inquiry or contact  with
 respect thereto.   Until  termination of  this  Agreement, no  Seller  will,
 directly or  indirectly, (i)  sell, transfer,  pledge, encumber,  assign  or
 otherwise  dispose  of,  or  enter  into  any  contract,  option  or   other
 arrangement or understanding  with respect  to the  sale, transfer,  pledge,
 encumbrance, assignment or other disposition of, any of the Shares, or  (ii)
 grant any proxies, deposit any  Shares into a voting  trust or enter into  a
 voting agreement with respect to the Shares.

      Section 5.6    Discharge of Encumbrances.  The Company and each  Seller
 shall take all actions and do all things necessary to cause all Encumbrances
 other than Permitted Encumbrances on any  of its assets to be terminated  or
 otherwise discharged at or prior to the Closing.

      Section 5.7    Non-Disclosure; Non-Competition; Non-Solicitation.

           (a)  Non-Disclosure Agreement.  Each  Seller acknowledges that  it
 has  and  may  have  access  to  Confidential  Information  and  that   such
 Confidential Information  does and  will  constitute valuable,  special  and
 unique  property  of  Purchaser.   At  no time  shall  such  Seller  or  its
 Representatives (i) use any Confidential  Information in any manner  adverse
 to  the  business  interests  of  Purchaser,  or  (ii)  disclose  any   such
 Confidential Information to any Person for any reason or purpose whatsoever,
 except as required  by law after  not less than  five days  prior notice  to
 Purchaser.  Upon  the request  of Purchaser,  each Seller  shall deliver  to
 Purchaser all letters, notes,  computer disks, software, notebooks,  reports
 and other materials which contain Confidential Information and which are  in
 the possession or under the control of such Seller.

           (b)  Work Product.    All  records  and  documents  embodying  any
 Confidential Information or pertaining to the existing or contemplated scope
 of the Company's business, which have been conceived, prepared or  developed
 by a Seller in connection with its direct or indirect ownership interest  in
 the Company, use by  the Company or otherwise,  either alone or with  others
 (herein called "Work Product"), shall be  the sole property of the  Company.
 Upon request of the Company, such  Seller shall deliver all Work Product  to
 the Company.

           (c)  Non-Competition  Agreement.    Each  Seller  agrees  not   to
 conduct, either  directly  or  indirectly, the  business  conducted  by  the
 Company prior to the Signing Date for a period equal to 24 months after  the
 Closing Date.  Purchaser acknowledges that nothing herein shall be deemed to
 preclude Sellers from  marketing insurance products  written by the  Sellers
 through general agents so long as Sellers are not in violation of this  Non-
 Disclosure; Non-Competition; Non-Solicitation..

           (d)  Non-Solicitation Agreement.  For a period equal to 36  months
 after the Closing Date, each Seller shall  not, either on its own behalf  or
 on behalf of any business competing  with Purchaser, directly or  indirectly
 to the extent that  such Seller is prohibited  in engaging in such  business
 pursuant to this Section, (i) solicit or induce, or in any manner attempt to
 solicit or induce any  person employed by,  or an agent  of, the Company  or
 Purchaser to terminate such person's employment  or agency, as the case  may
 be, with such  entity, or  (ii) solicit, divert,  or attempt  to solicit  or
 divert, or otherwise  accept as  a supplier  or customer,  any Person  which
 sells any  products  and services  of  the Company,  furnishes  products  or
 services to, or  receives products and  services from,  Purchaser, nor  will
 such Seller attempt to induce any  such supplier or customer to cease  being
 (or any  prospective supplier  or  customer not  to  become) a  supplier  or
 customer of the Company or Purchaser.

           (e)  Independent Covenants.   The  covenants  set  forth  in  this
 Section are independent and separate,  and in the  event that any  provision
 contained herein is declared invalid or illegal, the other provisions hereof
 shall not  be  affected or  impaired  thereby  and shall  remain  valid  and
 enforceable.

           (f)  Injunctive Relief.  In  the event of  a breach or  threatened
 breach by  any Seller  of any  provision of  this Section,  the Company  and
 Purchaser shall be entitled to an  injunction to prevent irreparable  injury
 to such  entity.   Nothing  herein shall  be  construed as  prohibiting  the
 Company or  Purchaser from  pursuing any  other remedies  available to  such
 entity for  such breach  or threatened  breach,  including the  recovery  of
 damages from such Seller.

           (g)  Acknowledgments of Sellers.   Each  Seller acknowledges  that
 (i) any  public disclosure  of the  Confidential  Information will  have  an
 adverse effect on the  Company, Purchaser and the  business of the  Company,
 (ii) the Company and Purchaser would  suffer irreparable injury if a  Seller
 breaches any of the terms of  this Section, (iii) the Company and  Purchaser
 will be at a  substantial competitive disadvantage if  such entity fails  to
 acquire and maintain exclusive ownership of the Confidential Information  or
 to abide by the restrictions provided for in this Section, (iv) the scope of
 the protective restrictions provided for in this Section are reasonable when
 taking into account (A)  the negotiations between the  Parties and (B)  that
 the Sellers are the direct beneficiary  of the Purchase Price paid  pursuant
 to this Agreement, (v) the consideration being paid to the Sellers  pursuant
 to this Agreement is sufficient inducement  for the Sellers to agree to  the
 terms hereof,  (vi)  the  provisions  of  this  Section are  reasonable  and
 necessary to protect the  business of the Company,  to prevent the  improper
 use or disclosure of the Confidential Information and to provide the Company
 and Purchaser with exclusive ownership of all such Confidential  Information
 and (vii) the terms  of this Section preclude the  Sellers from engaging  in
 the conduct of the business of the Company.

           (h)  Release.   Each  Seller,  in the  capacity  as  a  direct  or
 indirect shareholder of the Company, hereby agrees to execute and deliver on
 the Closing Date a release of the Company from any and all claims  resulting
 from or related to any matter arising  prior to the Closing Date, except  as
 provided in this Agreement.


                                 ARTICLE VI.
                            COVENANTS OF PURCHASER

      Section 6.1    Cooperation by Purchaser.  From the Signing Date through
 the Closing Date, Purchaser shall use all reasonable efforts (a) to take all
 actions and  to do  all  things necessary  or  advisable to  consummate  the
 transactions contemplated  by  this Agreement,  (b)  to cooperate  with  the
 Company and each Seller  in connection with  the foregoing, including  using
 reasonable efforts to obtain all of  the Consents and the Releases, and  (c)
 subject to the other  terms and conditions of  this Agreement, to cause  all
 the  conditions  set   forth  in  Conditions   Precedent  to  the   Sellers'
 Obligations, the  satisfaction of  which is  in  the reasonable  control  of
 Purchaser, to be satisfied on or prior to Closing.


                                 ARTICLE VII.
                               MUTUAL COVENANTS

      Section 7.1    Governmental Consents.  Promptly after the Signing Date,
 each Party shall take all actions and do all things necessary to obtain  all
 Consents  required  by   any  Governmental  Authority   to  consummate   the
 transactions contemplated hereby.

      Section 7.2    Consents to Assign Leases and Contracts.

           (a)  Cooperation and Reasonable Efforts.  Each Party hereby agrees
 to use reasonable efforts, to take reasonable actions (including Purchaser's
 delivery to  third  parties of  its  audited financial  statements)  and  to
 cooperate with each  other as  may be necessary  to obtain  Consents to  any
 deemed transfer or assignment of the  Encumbered Instruments as a result  of
 the transactions  contemplated  by  this  Agreement.   Except  as  expressly
 provided herein, no Party  shall be required  to pay any  sum, to incur  any
 obligation or to  agree to  any amendment  of any  Encumbered Instrument  in
 order to obtain any such Consent.

           (b)  Pre-Closing; Required Consents.   Schedule  7.2(b) lists  the
 Encumbered Instruments  under which  a Consent  to  any deemed  transfer  or
 assignment must  be  obtained from  the  appropriate third  party  prior  to
 Closing (collectively, the  "Required Consents").   Except for the  Required
 Consents,  the  obtaining  of  any   Consents  related  to  the   Encumbered
 Instruments shall not  be a condition  to Closing, and  Closing shall  occur
 irrespective of whether any such Consent has been obtained.

      Section 7.3    Permits.

           (a)  Cooperation and Reasonable Efforts.  Each Party hereby agrees
 to use reasonable efforts, to take reasonable actions and to cooperate  with
 each other as may be necessary to transfer to Purchaser, or assist Purchaser
 in obtaining, all Permits required to  conduct the business of the  Company.
 On or as soon as practicable after the Signing Date, each Party shall  file,
 separately or  jointly  with  any other  Party,  as  the case  may  be,  all
 applications necessary to transfer or obtain the Permits.  Each Party  shall
 use reasonable  efforts  to resolve  such  objections,  if any,  as  may  be
 asserted by  any Governmental  Authority with  respect to  the  applications
 contemplated hereby.  The Sellers, as a group, and Purchaser shall each  pay
 one-half of the fees and expenses  incurred in connection with  transferring
 or obtaining all Permits.

           (b)  Pre-Closing; Required  Permits.   Schedule 7.3(b)  lists  the
 Permits which  must be  transferred to  or obtained  by Purchaser  prior  to
 Closing (the  "Required Permits").   Except  for the  Required Permits,  the
 transfer or issuance to Purchaser of any Permit shall not be a condition  to
 Closing, and Closing shall occur irrespective of whether any such Permit has
 been transferred or obtained.

      Section 7.4    Books and Records.

           (a)  Access.  For a period of six years after Closing, each  Party
 shall provide  the  other  Parties  with  reasonable  access  during  normal
 business hours  to its  Books  and Records  (other  than books  and  records
 protected by the attorney-client privilege) to  the extent that they  relate
 to the Company prior to Closing and  are requested by such Party to  prepare
 its Returns, to respond  to third party Claims  or for any other  legitimate
 purpose specified in writing.  Each Party  shall have the right, at its  own
 expense, to make copies of any such Books and Records.

           (b)  Destruction.  No Party shall dispose of or destroy any  Books
 and Records to  the extent  that they  relate to  the Company  prior to  the
 Closing without first offering to turn over possession thereof to the  other
 Parties by written notice  at least 30  days prior to  the proposed date  of
 disposition or destruction.

           (c)  Confidentiality.  Each Party may take such action as it deems
 reasonably appropriate  to separate  or  redact unrelated  information  from
 documents and other materials requested and made available pursuant to  this
 Section and may condition the other Parties'  access to documents and  other
 materials that it  deems confidential to  the execution and  delivery of  an
 agreement by the other Parties not to disclose or misuse such information.

           (d)  Assistance.   Each Party  shall, upon  written request,  make
 personnel available  to  assist in  locating  and obtaining  any  Books  and
 Records to the extent that they relate  to the Company prior to Closing  and
 make personnel  available whose  assistance, participation  or testimony  is
 reasonably required in anticipation of,  preparation for or the  prosecution
 or defense of, any third party Claim in which the other Parties do not  have
 any adverse interest.

      Section 7.5    Further Assurances.   Subject  to  the other  terms  and
 conditions of this  Agreement, at any  time and from  time to time,  whether
 before  or  after  Closing,  each  Party  shall  execute  and  deliver   all
 instruments and documents and take all  other action that the other  Parties
 may reasonably request to consummate or to evidence the consummation of  the
 transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

      Section 7.6    Supplemental Document and Consents.

           (a)  At or prior  to the Closing,  the  applicable  Parties  shall
 execute the following document (the "Supplemental Document"):

                (i)  the Seller releases required pursuant to Release.   Each
                     Seller,  in  the  capacity  as  a  direct  or   indirect
                     shareholder of the Company, hereby agrees to execute and
                     deliver on the  Closing Date  a release  of the  Company
                     from any and all claims resulting from or related to any
                     matter arising  prior to  the  Closing Date,  except  as
                     provided in this Agreement..

           (b)  Prior to the Closing, the Sellers shall obtain the  following
 consents from the following Parties:

                (i)  the consent of  the Arizona Department  of Insurance  in
                     form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Purchaser.

                (ii) the consent of Metropolitan Life Insurance Company,  the
                     landlord  under that  certain  Office  Lease  Agreement,
                     dated  January  6,  2000,  between   the   Company   and
                     Metropolitan Life Insurance Company.

      Section 7.7    Tax Matters.

           (a)  Apportionment  of  Income   and  Loss.     For  purposes   of
 apportioning taxable income or loss relating to any taxable period that ends
 on the day immediately preceding the Effective Date ("Short Tax Period") and
 for that portion of any  taxable year that includes  (but that does not  end
 on) the  day  immediately  preceding the  Effective  Date  (a  "Partial  Tax
 Period"), such taxable income  or loss shall be  determined by reference  to
 the operations  of the  Company through  the day  immediately preceding  the
 Effective Date  as though  it were  the last  day of  a taxable  year  under
 Treasury  Regulation   Section  1.1502-76(b).    If  required,   appropriate
 elections shall be  made with applicable  taxable authorities to  accomplish
 such result.

           (b)  Liability For Short Period Tax.   Any taxable income or  loss
 with respect  to a  Short Tax  Period  shall be  included in  the  Company's
 federal income  Tax Return,  and, if  applicable, consolidated,  unitary  or
 combined state income  Tax Returns  filed on behalf  of the  Company in  all
 jurisdictions to which the Company is  subject to income Tax (together  with
 the United States Federal Return, the "Subject Jurisdictions").  Any  income
 tax payable with  respect to such  Short Tax Period  shall be  borne by  the
 Sellers, as  a  group,  and Purchaser  as  hereinafter  provided;  provided,
 however, that any tax liability arising from an election made under  Section
 338 of the Code shall be borne solely by Purchaser.

           (c)  Liability For Partial Period Tax.  With respect to income Tax
 Returns filed in Subject  Jurisdictions that include  a Partial Tax  Period,
 income taxes  attributable to  such Partial  Tax Periods  shall be  computed
 according to the apportionment rule of  subsection 0 above.  Any income  tax
 payable with respect to any  such Partial Tax Period  shall be borne by  the
 Sellers, as  a  group,  and Purchaser  as  hereinafter  provided;  provided,
 however, that any tax liability arising from an election made under  Section
 338 of the Code shall be borne solely by Purchaser.

           (d)  Payment of  Short Period  Taxes.   With respect  to each  Tax
 Return covering a Short Tax Period that is required to be filed in a Subject
 Jurisdiction after the Effective Date for, by or with respect to a  Company,
 the Sellers shall cause such  Tax Return to be  prepared, shall cause to  be
 included in such Tax Return all  items of income, gain, loss, deduction  and
 credit or other  items (collectively "Tax  Items") required  to be  included
 therein, and shall  deliver the original  of such Tax  Return to  Purchaser,
 with copies  of  work  papers  that will  permit  Purchaser  to  review  and
 substantiate the accuracy of such Tax Return, at least 45 days prior to  the
 due date (including extensions) of such Tax Return.  The Sellers, severally,
 shall pay to Purchaser (for payment to the applicable taxing authority)  not
 less than 2  days prior  to the  due date  (including extensions)  of a  Tax
 Return to be  filed in a  Subject Jurisdiction for  a Short  Tax Period  the
 amount of  tax shown  to be  due on  such Tax  Return (except  that any  tax
 liability arising from an election made under Section 338 of the Code  shall
 be borne solely by Purchaser).

           (e)  Payment of  Partial Period  Tax.   With respect  to each  Tax
 Return to be filed in a  Subject Jurisdiction covering a Partial Tax  Period
 by or with respect to the Company, Purchaser shall cause such Tax Return  to
 be prepared and shall cause to be included in such Tax Return all Tax  Items
 required to be included therein.   Purchaser shall determine (by an  interim
 closing of the books as of the day immediately preceding the Effective Date,
 except for ad valorem Taxes and franchise Taxes based on capital which shall
 be prorated on  a daily  basis) the portion,  if any,  of the  Tax due  with
 respect to the period covered by  such Tax Return to  be filed in a  Subject
 Jurisdiction which  is  attributable to  the  Company with  respect  to  the
 Partial Tax Period after giving effect to any credits for the amount of such
 Tax, if any, paid on or prior to the Effective Date.  At least 45 days prior
 to the due date (including extensions)  of such Tax Return, Purchaser  shall
 deliver to the Sellers a copy of such Tax Return with copies of work  papers
 which will permit  the Sellers to  review and substantiate  the accuracy  of
 such Returns.  The Sellers, severally,  shall pay to Purchaser (for  payment
 to the applicable  taxing authority) the  amount of Tax  due in the  Subject
 Jurisdictions determined  to  be  attributable to  the  Partial  Tax  Period
 (except that any tax liability arising  from an election made under  Section
 338 of the Code  shall be borne solely  by Purchaser) not  less than 2  days
 prior to the due date (including extensions) of such Tax Return.

           (f)  Appointment of  Independent Person.   If  Purchaser  and  the
 Sellers fail to  agree by the  day which is  30 days prior  to the due  date
 (including extensions) of  a Tax Return  due pursuant to  this Section,  the
 matters in dispute (but  no other matters)  will be submitted  to a firm  of
 independent certified accountants mutually  acceptable to Purchaser, on  the
 one hand, and  the Sellers, on  the other hand  (the "Independent  Person"),
 which firm will make a final and binding determination as to the matters  in
 dispute within 15 days after its  appointment.  The Independent Person  will
 send its  written determination,  at which  point the  determination of  the
 Independent Person  will be  binding on  Purchaser and  the Sellers,  absent
 fraud or manifest error.   The fees and  expenses of the Independent  Person
 will be borne one-half by  the Purchaser, on the  one hand, and one-half  by
 the Sellers, on the other hand.

           (g)  Consistency.  Any Tax Return to  be prepared pursuant to  the
 provisions of this  Section shall be  prepared in a  manner consistent  with
 practices followed  in prior  years with  respect  to similar  Tax  Returns,
 except for changes required by applicable law.

           (h)  Tax Audits.  Whenever any  Taxing Authority asserts a  claim,
 makes an  assessment, or  otherwise  disputes the  amount  of Taxes  of  the
 Company for which  the Sellers are  or may be  liable under this  Agreement,
 Purchaser will  promptly notify  the Sellers  and  the Sellers  shall  fully
 cooperate with Purchaser and  the Company in  connection with any  disputes,
 proceedings or  determinations relating  to any  Taxes  to the  extent  such
 proceedings or  determinations affect  the amount  of  Taxes for  which  the
 Sellers are liable under this Agreement.

           (i)  Section 338(h)(10)  Election.   If  requested  by  Purchaser,
 Purchaser and the Sellers shall join  in an election to have the  provisions
 of Section 338(h)(10) of the Code  apply to the acquisition of the  Company.
 Purchaser shall be responsible for, and control, the preparation and  filing
 of such election.  The allocation of purchase price among the assets of  the
 Company shall be made in accordance with Code Sections 338 and 1060 and  any
 other comparable provisions of state, local or foreign law, as  appropriate.
 Purchaser and the Sellers agree to  file all Returns and other documents  as
 may be required by any Taxing Authority in a manner that is consistent  with
 such allocation.

      Section 7.8    Employee Matters.

           (a)  Employee Benefit Plans.  From  and after the Effective  Date,
 the Company  shall elect  to continue  as a  participating employer  in  the
 Seller Plans  listed  on  Schedule 7.8(a)  (the  "Assumed  Plans")  and  the
 coverage of the Employees under all the Assumed Plans shall remain in effect
 in accordance with  the terms of  the Assumed Plans.   Effective  as of  the
 Effective Date, one or more affiliates of Purchaser will assume  sponsorship
 of the Assumed  Plans and such  sponsors shall maintain  and administer  the
 Assumed Plans in accordance with applicable Law and in a manner designed  to
 maintain the tax qualified status of the Assumed Plans under any  applicable
 provisions of the Code.   Purchaser or its affiliate  may elect in its  sole
 discretion at  any time  prior to  the  Effective Date  to become  the  plan
 administrator and sponsoring employer with  the sole authority to  designate
 the plan administrator or amend or terminate any Assumed Plan.

           (b)  No  Representations.    Without  the  consent  of  Purchaser,
 Sellers will not  make any promises  or commitments to  any employee of  the
 Company or  Sellers  with  regard  to his  or  her  employment  status  with
 Purchaser or the terms or conditions upon which such employment might  occur
 or be continued.


                                ARTICLE VIII.
                       CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO CLOSING

      Section 8.1    Conditions Precedent  to Purchaser's  Obligations.   The
 obligation of Purchaser to consummate the transactions contemplated by  this
 Agreement shall be subject to the satisfaction of the following  conditions,
 any of which may be waived in writing by Purchaser.

           (a)  Accuracy   of   Representations   and   Warranties.       The
 representations and warranties made by each  Seller in this Agreement  shall
 have been true and  complete as of the  Signing Date and  as of the  Closing
 Date as  though made  as of  the Closing  Date, except  to the  extent  such
 representations or warranties  made as of  a specific date  shall have  been
 correct and complete as of the specified date.

           (b)  Performance of Covenants.  The Company and each Seller  shall
 have performed and complied with  all agreements, covenants and  obligations
 required by this Agreement to be performed by such party prior to or at  the
 Closing.

           (c)  No Material Adverse  Change.  The  Company has not  undergone
 any Material Adverse Change since the Signing Date.

           (d)  Consents.  The Company and each  Seller, as the case may  be,
 shall have received and delivered to Purchaser all the Required Consents and
 the Required Permits, each in form and substance satisfactory to  Purchaser,
 and shall have given all notices required  to be given to any Persons  prior
 to the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

           (e)  Closing Certificate.   An  executive officer  of each  Seller
 shall  have  delivered  to  Purchaser  a  certificate  confirming  (i)   the
 satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Sections of Representations  and
 Warranties.  The representations and warranties made by each Seller in  this
 Agreement shall have been true and complete as of the Signing Date and as of
 the Closing Date as though made as of the Closing Date, except to the extent
 such representations or  warranties made as  of a specific  date shall  have
 been correct and  complete as  of the specified  date., of  Covenants.   The
 Company  and  each  Seller  shall  have  performed  and  complied  with  all
 agreements, covenants  and  obligations required  by  this Agreement  to  be
 performed by such  party prior to  or at the  Closing. and Material  Adverse
 Change.  The Company has not undergone any Material Adverse Change since the
 Signing Date.  and (ii)  the continuing  force and  effect of  the  Required
 Consents and Required Permits.

           (f)  Secretary's Certificate.  The Company shall have delivered to
 Purchaser a certificate executed by the secretary or an assistant  secretary
 of the Company certifying  as to (i) the  Company's Charter Documents,  (ii)
 the Company's good standing,  (iii) the resolutions  in which the  Company's
 board of directors approved the Transaction Documents to which Company is  a
 party and the transactions contemplated thereby, and (iv) the incumbency  of
 the Company's officers who execute any documents on behalf of the Company in
 connection with this Agreement.

           (g)  Deliveries.  The Company and each Seller, as the case may be,
 shall have delivered the documents required by Deliveries by the Sellers and
 such other documents as Purchaser may reasonably require.

           (h)  No Order or Action.  No  Order shall be in effect  forbidding
 or enjoining the consummation of the  transactions contemplated hereby.   No
 Action shall be pending or threatened before any court or other Governmental
 Authority seeking to enjoin the Closing or seeking damages against Purchaser
 or any  of  its Representatives  as  a result  of  any of  the  transactions
 contemplated by this Agreement, provided that  neither Purchaser nor any  of
 its affiliates instituted such Action.

           (i)  Stop  Loss   Indemnity.     Sellers  shall   have   delivered
 confirmation  satisfactory  to  Purchaser  that  the  stop  loss   indemnity
 insurance coverage applicable with respect to Sellers' medical benefits plan
 prior to the Closing shall continue to remain in force and applicable to the
 Employees through the expiration date of  such policy, provided that if  the
 Employees are otherwise covered by an  insured medical benefit plan at  such
 time, the Sellers shall not be required to deliver such confirmation.

      Section 8.2    Conditions Precedent to the  Sellers' Obligations.   The
 obligation of each  Seller to  consummate the  transactions contemplated  by
 this Agreement  shall  be  subject to  the  satisfaction  of  the  following
 conditions, any of which may be waived in writing by the Sellers.

           (a)  Accuracy   of   Representations   and   Warranties.       The
 representations and warranties  made by  Purchaser in  this Agreement  shall
 have been true and  complete as of the  Signing Date and  as of the  Closing
 Date as  though made  as of  the Closing  Date, except  to the  extent  such
 representations or warranties  made as of  a specific date  shall have  been
 correct and complete as of the specified date.

           (b)  Performance of Covenants.  Purchaser shall have performed and
 complied with all  agreements, covenants  and obligations  required by  this
 Agreement to be performed by Purchaser prior to or at the Closing.

           (c)  Closing Certificate.  An executive officer of Purchaser shall
 have delivered to the Company and  each Seller a certificate confirming  the
 satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Sections of Representations  and
 Warranties.  The representations  and warranties made  by Purchaser in  this
 Agreement shall have been true and complete as of the Signing Date and as of
 the Closing Date as though made as of the Closing Date, except to the extent
 such representations or  warranties made as  of a specific  date shall  have
 been correct  and complete  as  of the  specified  date. and  of  Covenants.
 Purchaser shall have performed and  complied with all agreements,  covenants
 and obligations  required by  this Agreement  to be  performed by  Purchaser
 prior to or at the Closing..

           (d)  Secretary's Certificate.  Purchaser  shall have delivered  to
 the Company and each  Seller a certificate executed  by the secretary or  an
 assistant secretary of  Purchaser certifying as  to (i)  the resolutions  in
 which Purchaser's  board  of  directors  approved  this  Agreement  and  the
 transactions contemplated  hereby, and  (ii) the  incumbency of  Purchaser's
 officers who execute any documents on behalf of Purchaser in connection with
 this Agreement.

           (e)  Deliveries.   Purchaser shall  have delivered  the  documents
 required by Deliveries by Purchaser and such other documents as the  Sellers
 may reasonably require.

           (f)  No Order or Action.  No  Order shall be in effect  forbidding
 or enjoining the consummation of the  transactions contemplated hereby.   No
 Action shall be pending or threatened before any court or other Governmental
 Authority seeking  to enjoin  the Closing  or  seeking damages  against  the
 Company or any Seller or any of their Representatives as a result of any  of
 the transactions contemplated by this  Agreement, provided that neither  the
 Company nor any Seller nor any of their affiliates instituted such Action.

      Section 8.3    If Conditions Not Satisfied.  In  the event that any  of
 the conditions set  forth in this  Article VIII are  not satisfied, and  the
 Parties  nevertheless  consummate  the  transactions  contemplated  by  this
 Agreement to take place at the Closing,  the Parties shall not be deemed  to
 have waived  any  Claim for  damages  or other  relief  arising from  or  in
 connection with such non-satisfaction.


                                 ARTICLE IX.
                         TERMINATION PRIOR TO CLOSING

      Section 9.1    Termination  of  Agreement.    This  Agreement  may   be
 terminated at any time prior to the Closing:

           (a)  by mutual agreement of Purchaser and the Sellers;

           (b)  by Purchaser at any time after  the occurrence of a  Material
 Adverse Change in the Company; or

           (c)  by Purchaser or any Seller at  any time on or after  December
 31, 2002 if any  of the conditions provided  for in Conditions Precedent  to
 Purchaser's  Obligations   or  Precedent   to  the   Sellers'   Obligations,
 respectively, shall not  have been met  or waived in  writing prior to  such
 date.

      Section 9.2    Procedure Upon Termination.  In the event of termination
 pursuant to  Termination  of  Agreement, written  notice  thereof  shall  be
 immediately given to the other Parties and the transactions contemplated  by
 this Agreement shall be terminated, without any further action by any Party.
 If the  transactions  contemplated  by  this  Agreement  are  terminated  as
 provided herein:

           (a)  each Party shall return all documents, work papers and  other
 materials of  the  other  parties, whether  obtained  before  or  after  the
 execution hereof, to the party furnishing the same; and

           (b)  such termination  shall not  in any  way limit,  restrict  or
 relieve any Party of liability for any breach of this Agreement.


                                  ARTICLE X.
                      ARBITRATION AND EQUITABLE REMEDIES

      Section 10.1   Settlement Meeting.  The  Parties shall attempt in  good
 faith to resolve promptly  through negotiations any  Claim or dispute  under
 this Agreement.   If any  such Claim or  dispute should  arise, the  Parties
 shall meet at least once to  attempt to resolve the matter (the  "Settlement
 Meeting").  Any Party may request  the other Parties to attend a  Settlement
 Meeting at a mutually agreed time  and place within ten days after  delivery
 of a notice of a Claim or dispute.   The occurrence of a Settlement  Meeting
 with respect to a Claim or dispute shall be a condition precedent to seeking
 any arbitration or  judicial remedy,  provided that  if a  Party refuses  to
 attend a  Settlement Meeting  the other  Parties may  proceed to  seek  such
 remedy.

      Section 10.2   Arbitration  Proceedings.    If  the  Parties  have  not
 resolved a monetary Claim or dispute at the Settlement Meeting any Party may
 submit the  matter to  arbitration.   A  panel  of three  arbitrators  shall
 conduct the arbitration proceedings in accordance with the provisions of the
 Federal Arbitration Act  (99 U.S.C. Section  1 et seq.)  and the  Commercial
 Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association (the  "Arbitration
 Rules").  The decision of a majority of  the panel shall be the decision  of
 the arbitrators.

           (a)  Arbitration Notice.  To submit a monetary Claim or dispute to
 arbitration, a  Party  shall furnish  the  other Parties  and  the  American
 Arbitration Association with a notice (the "Arbitration Notice")  containing
 (i) the name  and address of  such Party, (ii)  the nature  of the  monetary
 Claim or dispute in reasonable detail, (iii) the Party's intent to  commence
 arbitration proceedings under this Agreement, and (iv) the other information
 required under the Federal Arbitration Act and the Arbitration Rules.

           (b)  Selection of Arbitrators.  Within ten days after delivery  of
 the Arbitration Notice, Purchaser and Sellers, as a group, shall each select
 one arbitrator  from  the list  of  the American  Arbitration  Association's
 National Panel  of  Commercial  Arbitrators.   Within  ten  days  after  the
 selection of the last of those two arbitrators, those two arbitrators  shall
 select the third arbitrator  from such list.   If the first two  arbitrators
 cannot select a third  arbitrator within such ten  day period, the  American
 Arbitration Association shall  select such third  arbitrator from the  list.
 Each arbitrator shall be an individual not subject to disqualification under
 Rule No. 19  of the Arbitration  Rules with experience  in settling  complex
 litigation involving mergers and acquisitions.

           (c)  Arbitration  Final.    The  arbitration  of  the  matters  in
 controversy  and   the   determination  of   any   amount  of   damages   or
 indemnification shall be final and binding  upon the Parties to the  maximum
 extent permitted by  Law, provided  that any  Party may  seek any  equitable
 remedy available under Law as provided in this Agreement.  This agreement to
 arbitrate is irrevocable.

      Section 10.3   Place of Arbitration.  Any arbitration proceedings shall
 be conducted in Dallas, Texas or at  such other location as the Parties  may
 agree.  The  arbitrators shall hold  the arbitration  proceedings within  60
 days after the selection of the third arbitrator.

      Section 10.4   Discovery.    During  the  period  beginning  with   the
 selection of the  third arbitrator  and ending  upon the  conclusion of  the
 arbitration proceedings, the arbitrators shall have the authority to  permit
 the  Parties  to  conduct  such   discovery  as  the  arbitrators   consider
 appropriate.

      Section 10.5   Equitable Remedies.   Notwithstanding  anything else  in
 this Agreement to the contrary, after  the Settlement Meeting a Party  shall
 be entitled to seek any equitable remedies available under Law, including an
 injunction prohibiting a  breach of the  provisions of Non-Disclosure;  Non-
 Competition; Non-Solicitation. or  an Order  requiring a  Seller to  perform
 this Agreement.   Any such equitable  remedies shall be  in addition to  any
 damages  or  indemnification  rights  that  such  Party  may  assert  in  an
 arbitration proceeding.

      Section 10.6   Exclusive Jurisdiction.    The Parties  agree  that  any
 claim for equitable relief relating to this Agreement shall be instituted in
 a federal or state  court sitting in Dallas,  Texas, which courts and  their
 respective appellate courts shall be the exclusive venue for any such claim.
 Each Party waives  any objection  that it  may have  to the  laying of  such
 venue, and irrevocably submits  to the jurisdiction of  any such court  with
 respect to any such claim.  Any service  of process and other notice in  any
 such case shall be effective against a Party when transmitted in  accordance
 with Notices, provided  that a Party  also may serve  process in any  manner
 permitted by Law.

      Section 10.7   Judgments.  Any arbitration  award under this  Agreement
 shall be  final  and  binding.   Any  court having  jurisdiction  may  enter
 judgment on such arbitration award upon application of a Party.

      Section 10.8   Expenses.     If   any   Party   commences   arbitration
 proceedings or court  proceedings seeking equitable  relief with respect  to
 this Agreement, the prevailing Party in such arbitration proceedings or case
 may receive as part of any  award or judgment reimbursement of such  Party's
 reasonable attorneys' fees and expenses to  the extent that the  arbitrators
 or court considers appropriate.

      Section 10.9   Cost of the Arbitration.   The arbitrators shall  assess
 the costs  of the  arbitration proceedings,  including  their fees,  to  the
 Parties in such proportions as the arbitrators consider reasonable under the
 circumstances.

      Section 10.10  Exclusivity of  Remedies.   To the  extent permitted  by
 Law, the arbitration and judicial remedies set forth in this Article X shall
 be the  exclusive remedies  available to  the Parties  with respect  to  any
 dispute under this Agreement or Claim for damages under this Agreement.


                                 ARTICLE XI.
                                MISCELLANEOUS

      Section 11.1   Amendment.   No amendment  of  this Agreement  shall  be
 effective unless in a writing signed by Purchaser and each Seller.

      Section 11.2   Counterparts.   This Agreement  may be  executed in  any
 number of counterparts,  each of  which shall be  deemed to  be an  original
 agreement, but all  of which shall  constitute one and  the same  agreement.
 Any Party may execute  and deliver this Agreement  by an executed  signature
 page transmitted by a facsimile machine.  If a Party transmits its signature
 page by a facsimile machine, such Party shall promptly thereafter deliver an
 originally executed signature page to the  other Parties, provided that  any
 failure to  deliver such  an originally  executed signature  page shall  not
 affect the validity, legality, or enforceability of this Agreement.

      Section 11.3   Entire Agreement.  This Agreement constitutes the entire
 agreement and understanding  between the  Parties and  supersedes all  prior
 agreements and understandings, both  written and oral,  with respect to  the
 subject matter of this Agreement.

      Section 11.4   Expenses.  Each Party shall  bear its own expenses  with
 respect to  the  negotiation  and preparation  of  this  Agreement  and  the
 Closing, including any  fees and expenses  of its Representatives,  provided
 that if a Party terminates this Agreement because of another Party's  breach
 of this  Agreement,  the  non-breaching Party  shall  be  entitled  to  seek
 reimbursement of its expenses  as part of its  damages with respect to  such
 breach.

      Section 11.5   Governing Law.  This Agreement shall be governed by  the
 laws of the  State of  Texas, regardless of  the laws  that might  otherwise
 govern under the conflicts of laws principles of such state.

      Section 11.6   Consent to Service  of Process.   Each Party waives  any
 objection that such party may now or  hereafter have to the laying of  venue
 of any such Action, and irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of any  such
 court in any  such Action.   Any and all  service of process  and any  other
 notice in  any  such Action  shall  be  effective against  such  Party  when
 transmitted in accordance with Notices.   Nothing contained herein shall  be
 deemed to affect  the right  of any  Party to  serve process  in any  manner
 permitted by Law.

      Section 11.7   No Assignment.   No  Party may  assign its  benefits  or
 delegate its duties under this Agreement without the prior consent of all of
 the other  Parties.   Any attempted  assignment or  delegation without  such
 prior consent  shall  be  void.   Notwithstanding this  prohibition  against
 assignment and delegation, Purchaser may assign its rights and delegate  its
 duties under  this  Agreement  to a  wholly-owned  subsidiary  of  Purchaser
 without the Sellers' consent.  Upon  Purchaser's assignment of its  benefits
 and delegation of  its duties under  this Agreement to  such a wholly  owned
 subsidiary, Purchaser  shall be  released from  any obligations  under  this
 Agreement.  In addition, after the Closing, Purchaser may assign its  rights
 under this  Agreement to  a purchaser  of all  of the  assets or  equity  of
 Purchaser without  the Sellers'  consent, and  any  such purchaser  and  any
 subsequent purchasers  of all  of  the assets  or  equity of  Purchaser  may
 similarly assign such rights.

      Section 11.8   No Third Party Beneficiaries.  This Agreement is  solely
 for the benefit of  the Parties and  no other Person  shall have any  right,
 interest, or claim under this Agreement.

      Section 11.9   Notices.  All  claims, consents, designations,  notices,
 waivers, and other communications in connection with this Agreement shall be
 in writing.   Such  claims, consents,  designations, notices,  waivers,  and
 other communications shall be considered received  (i) on the day of  actual
 transmittal when transmitted by facsimile with written confirmation of  such
 transmittal, (ii) on the next business day following actual transmittal when
 transmitted by a nationally  recognized overnight courier,  or (iii) on  the
 third  business  day  following  actual  transmittal  when  transmitted   by
 certified mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested; in each case when
 transmitted to a  Party at its  address set forth  below (or  to such  other
 address to which  such Party has  notified the other  Parties in  accordance
 with this  Section to send  such  claims, consents,  designations,  notices,
 waivers, and other communications):

           Purchaser:   Hallmark Financial Services, Inc.
                        14651 Dallas Parkway, Suite 900
                        Dallas, Texas 75240
                        Phone:  (972) 866-5708
                        Fax:  (972) 788-0520
                        Attn.:  Mr. Tim Bienek

           The Sellers: Millers American Group, Inc.
                        777 Main Street, Suite 1000
                        Fort Worth, Texas  76102
                        Phone:  (817) 348-1800
                        Fax:  (817) 348-1815
                        Attn:  Mr. Jim Drawert

      Section 11.10  Public Announcements.   The Parties shall  agree on  the
 terms of any press  releases or other public  announcements related to  this
 Agreement, and  shall  consult with  each  other before  issuing  any  press
 releases or other public announcements related to this Agreement;  provided,
 however, that any Party may  make a public disclosure  if in the opinion  of
 such party's counsel it is  required by Law or  the rules of the  Securities
 and Exchange Commission, American Stock Exchange or other regulatory  agency
 to make such disclosure.  The  parties agree, to the extent practicable,  to
 consult with each other  regarding any such  public announcement in  advance
 thereof.

      Section 11.11  Representation by  Legal  Counsel.    Each  Party  is  a
 sophisticated Person that was advised by experienced legal counsel and other
 advisors in the negotiation and preparation of this Agreement.

      Section 11.12  Schedules.    All  references   in  this  Agreement   to
 schedules shall mean the schedules identified  in this Agreement, which  are
 incorporated into  this  Agreement  and  shall be  deemed  a  part  of  this
 Agreement for all purposes.  Each Section of this Agreement that refers to a
 schedule shall have a separate schedule.  In addition, any disclosure  under
 a particular  section's schedule  shall be  made under  the heading  of  any
 relevant subsection of such section.  A disclosure of an item in a  schedule
 for a particular Section or under a heading in a schedule corresponding to a
 particular subsection shall not  be a disclosure  under any other  section's
 schedule or  any other  subsection, unless  so  noted specifically  on  such
 schedule.  The Sellers  have delivered to Purchaser  a correct and  complete
 copy of each  document described on  each schedule to  this Agreement and  a
 correct and complete  written description of  each unwritten arrangement  or
 other item described on each such schedule.

      Section 11.13  Severability.  Any provision  of this Agreement that  is
 prohibited or unenforceable  in any  jurisdiction shall  not invalidate  the
 remaining  provisions  of   this  Agreement  or   affect  the  validity   or
 enforceability of such provision  in any other  jurisdiction.  In  addition,
 any such prohibited or unenforceable provision shall be given effect to  the
 extent possible in the  jurisdiction where such  provision is prohibited  or
 unenforceable.

      Section 11.14  Specific Performance.  Each Seller acknowledges that the
 benefits that Purchaser  will derive from  the transactions contemplated  by
 this Agreement are unique  and irreplaceable.   Accordingly, if such  Seller
 improperly abandons or terminates this  Agreement, Purchaser would not  have
 an adequate remedy at law.  Purchaser therefore shall be entitled to a court
 order requiring such Seller to perform  this Agreement.  No Seller shall  be
 entitled to specific performance of this Agreement.

      Section 11.15  Successors.  This  Agreement shall be  binding upon  and
 shall  inure  to   the  benefit  of   each  Party  and   its  heirs,   legal
 representatives, permitted  assigns,  and  successors,  provided  that  this
 Section shall not permit the assignment or other transfer of this Agreement,
 whether by  operation of  law  or otherwise,  if  such assignment  of  other
 transfer is not otherwise permitted under this Agreement.

      Section 11.16  Time of the  Essence.   Time is  of the  essence in  the
 performance of this Agreement  and all dates and  periods specified in  this
 Agreement.

      Section 11.17  Waiver.    No  provision  of  this  Agreement  shall  be
 considered waived unless such waiver is  in writing and signed by the  Party
 that benefits from  the enforcement  of such provision.   No  waiver of  any
 provision in  this  Agreement,  however,  shall be  deemed  a  waiver  of  a
 subsequent breach of such provision or a waiver of a similar provision.   In
 addition, a  waiver of  any breach  or  a failure  to  enforce any  term  or
 condition of this Agreement shall not in  any way affect, limit, or waive  a
 Party's rights under this Agreement at any time to enforce strict compliance
 thereafter with every term and condition of this Agreement.

                           [SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]
<PAGE>

      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each  Party executed, or  caused a duly  authorized
 officer to execute, this Agreement as of the Signing Date.

 PURCHASER:                    HALLMARK FINANCIAL SERVICES, INC.

                               By:    __________________________
                               Name:  __________________________
                               Title: __________________________


 SELLERS:                      MILLERS AMERICAN GROUP, INC.

                               By:    __________________________
                               Name:  __________________________
                               Title: __________________________


                               TRILOGY HOLDINGS, INC.

                               By:    __________________________
                               Name:  __________________________
                               Title: __________________________


<PAGE>

                                  APPENDIX A
                   DEFINITIONS AND  RULES OF INTERPRETATION

      Definitions.  Unless the context otherwise requires, the terms  defined
 in this Appendix shall have the meanings specified below for all purposes of
 this Agreement:

           "Action"  means  any  action,  arbitration  proceeding,  cause  of
 action, charge,  counterclaim, cross  claim, inquiry,  investigation,  legal
 action, litigation, Order, proceeding, or suit.

           "Agreement" shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

           "Arbitration  Notice"  shall  have   the  meaning  set  forth   in
 Arbitration Notice.  To submit a monetary Claim or dispute to arbitration, a
 Party  shall  furnish  the  other  Parties  and  the  American   Arbitration
 Association with a notice (the "Arbitration Notice") containing (i) the name
 and address of such Party, (ii) the nature of the monetary Claim or  dispute
 in reasonable  detail,  (iii) the  Party's  intent to  commence  arbitration
 proceedings under this  Agreement, and (iv)  the other information  required
 under the Federal Arbitration Act and the Arbitration Rules..

           "Arbitration  Rules"  shall   have  the  meaning   set  forth   in
 Arbitration Proceedings.

           "Assumed Plans"  shall  have the  meaning  set forth  in  Employee
 Benefit Plans.  From and after  the Effective Date, the Company shall  elect
 to continue  as a  participating  employer in  the  Seller Plans  listed  on
 Schedule 7.8(a)  (the "Assumed  Plans") and  the coverage  of the  Employees
 under all the Assumed  Plans shall remain in  effect in accordance with  the
 terms of the Assumed Plans.  Effective as of the Effective Date, one or more
 affiliates of Purchaser  will assume sponsorship  of the  Assumed Plans  and
 such sponsors shall maintain and administer the Assumed Plans in  accordance
 with applicable Law and in a  manner designed to maintain the tax  qualified
 status of the  Assumed Plans under  any applicable provisions  of the  Code.
 Purchaser or its  affiliate may  elect in its  sole discretion  at any  time
 prior to the Effective Date to become the plan administrator and  sponsoring
 employer with  the sole  authority to  designate the  plan administrator  or
 amend or terminate any Assumed Plan..

           "Bank Accounts" shall have the meaning set forth in Bank Accounts;
 Powers of Attorney.

           "Books  and  Records"  shall  mean  all  the  books  and   records
 maintained by or for  any Person, including  all accounting records,  minute
 books, stock  records,  computerized  records  and  storage  media  and  the
 software used in connection therewith.

           "Cash Balance Plan" means the frozen Retirement Plan for Employees
 of The Millers Insurance Group restated effective July 1, 1996, as amended.

           "Ceded Business" shall have the  meaning set forth in  Reinsurance
 Transactions.

           "Charter Documents" shall mean (i) in  the case of a  corporation,
 its articles or  certificate of incorporation  and its bylaws,  (ii) in  the
 case of  a  partnership, its  partnership  certificate and  its  partnership
 agreement, and  (iii) in  the case  of  any other  Person, its  organic  and
 governing documents;  in each  case as  such document  has been  amended  or
 supplemented from time to time prior to the Signing Date.

           "Claim" shall  mean  any arbitration  award,  assessment,  charge,
 citation, claim, damage, demand,  directive, expense, fine, interest,  joint
 or several  liability, lawsuit,  notice,  obligation, payment,  penalty,  or
 summons of any  kind or nature  whatsoever, including  any damages  incurred
 because of  the claimant's  negligence or  gross  negligence or  any  strict
 liability imposed upon the claimant, any consequential or punitive  damages,
 and  any  reasonable  attorneys'  fees  and  expenses.   A  Claim  shall  be
 considered to exist even though it may be conditional, contingent, indirect,
 potential,  secondary,  unaccrued,  unasserted,  unknown,  unliquidated,  or
 unmatured.

           "Closing" shall have the meaning set forth in Closing.

           "Closing Date" shall have the meaning set forth in Closing.

           "Code" shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

           "Common Stock" shall have the meaning set forth in Recital C.

           "Company" shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

           "Company Assets" shall have the  meaning set forth in  Sufficiency
 of the Company Assets.  The assets reflected on the Books and Records of the
 Company (collectively,  the "Company  Assets")  constitute all  the  assets,
 properties, licenses and other arrangements  which are presently being  used
 or are reasonably related to the business of the Company, and are sufficient
 to operate  such business  in a  manner consistent  with past  practice  and
 historic capacity..

           "Company Real  Property"  shall  have the  meaning  set  forth  in
 Schedule 3.30 contains  a complete and  accurate list of  all real  property
 leased by the Company (the "Company  Real Property").  The Company does  not
 own any real property..

           "Confidential Information" means any proprietary information,  and
 any information  which Purchaser  reasonably  considers to  be  proprietary,
 pertaining to the  Company's and  Purchaser's past,  present or  prospective
 business secrets, methods or policies, earnings, finances, security holders,
 lenders, key employees, nature of services performed by such entity's  sales
 personnel,  procedures,  standards  and  methods,  information  relating  to
 arrangements with suppliers, the  identity and requirements of  arrangements
 with customers,  all policyholder  information of  policyholders, the  type,
 volume or profitability  of services  or products  for customers,  drawings,
 records, reports,  documents,  manuals,  techniques,  ratings,  information,
 data, statistics, trade  secrets and all  other information of  any kind  or
 character relating  to  each of  the  Parties,  whether or  not  reduced  to
 writing.

           "Consent" shall mean a consent, approval, order, authorization  or
 waiver from,  notice to  or declaration,  registration  or filing  with  any
 Person.

           "Effective Date" shall mean January 1, 2003.

           "Employee Benefit Plan" shall mean any  (i) Pension Benefit  Plan,
 (ii) Welfare Benefit Plan, (iii) accident, dental, disability, health, life,
 medical,  or  vision  plan  or  insurance  policy,  (iv)  bonus,  executive,
 incentive or deferred compensation  plan, (v) change  in control plan,  (vi)
 fringe benefits and perquisites, (vii)  holiday, sick pay, leave,  vacation,
 moving or  tuition  reimbursement  or other  similar  policy,  (viii)  stock
 option,  stock   purchase,  phantom   stock,  restricted   stock  or   stock
 appreciation plan, (ix) severance plan,  or (x) other employee  arrangement,
 commitment, custom, policy or practice.

           "Employees"  shall  have  the  meaning  set  forth  in  Employees.
 Schedule 3.20(a) lists the name, job  title, date of employment and  current
 annual compensation (salary,  bonus and participation  in any  non-qualified
 deferred or incentive  compensation arrangement)  for each  employee of  the
 Company employed as  of the  Signing Date  (collectively, the  "Employees").
 All Employees are either United States  citizens or otherwise authorized  to
 engage in employment in the United States in accordance with all Laws.   All
 sums due for Employee compensation and benefits and all vacation time  owing
 to any Employee (including all persons  whose employment by the Company  was
 terminated prior to the Signing Date) have been duly and adequately  accrued
 on the accounting Books and Records of the Company..

           "Encumbered Instrument" shall mean any contract and lease that  by
 its terms  requires Consent  from a  third party  in order  to transfer  the
 rights and obligations thereunder.

           "Encumbrance" shall mean any title defect or objection,  mortgage,
 lien, deed  of trust,  equity, judgment,  claim, restrictive  covenant,  use
 restriction, charge, pledge, security interest  or other encumbrance of  any
 nature whatsoever,  including  all leases,  chattel  mortgages,  conditional
 sales  contracts,  collateral  security  arrangements  and  other  title  or
 interest retention arrangements.

            "ERISA" shall mean the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of
 1974, as amended.

           "GAAP" shall  mean  generally accepted  accounting  principles  in
 effect in the United States of America as of the Signing Date.

           "Governmental Authority"  shall mean  any federal,  state,  local,
 tribal,  foreign   or  other   governmental  agency,   department,   branch,
 commission, board, bureau, court, instrumentality or body.

           "Independent  Person"  shall  have   the  meaning  set  forth   in
 Appointment of Independent  Person.  If  Purchaser and the  Sellers fail  to
 agree by  the  day  which is  30  days  prior to  the  due  date  (including
 extensions) of a  Tax Return due  pursuant to this  Section, the matters  in
 dispute (but no other  matters) will be submitted  to a firm of  independent
 certified accountants mutually acceptable to Purchaser, on the one hand, and
 the Sellers, on the other hand  (the "Independent Person"), which firm  will
 make a final and binding determination  as to the matters in dispute  within
 15 days after its appointment.  The Independent Person will send its written
 determination, at which  point the determination  of the Independent  Person
 will be  binding on  Purchaser and  the Sellers,  absent fraud  or  manifest
 error.  The fees and expenses of  the Independent Person will be borne  one-
 half by the Purchaser, on the one hand, and one-half by the Sellers, on  the
 other hand..

           "Insurance  Policies"  shall  have   the  meaning  set  forth   in
 Insurance.

           "Intangible Asset"  shall mean  any patent,  trademark,  trademark
 license, servicemark, servicemark  license, computer  software, trade  name,
 masthead, brand name, slogan, copyright, reprint right, franchise,  license,
 process, authorization, invention, know-how, formula, trade secret and other
 intangible asset, together  with any  pending application,  continuation-in-
 part or extension therefor.

           "Law" shall mean  any applicable code,  statute, law, common  law,
 rule,  regulation,  order,  ordinance,  judgment,  decree,  order,  writ  or
 injunction of any Governmental Authority.

           "Law Affecting  Creditors'  Rights"  shall  mean  any  bankruptcy,
 fraudulent conveyance or  transfer, insolvency, moratorium,  reorganization,
 or other law affecting the enforcement  of creditors' rights generally,  and
 any general principles of equity.

           "Leases" shall have the meaning set  forth in Except as set  forth
 in Schedule  3.30,  there  are no  existing  leases,  subleases,  tenancies,
 licenses, contracts  or  other  agreements  relating  to  the  Company  Real
 Property to which the Company  is a party (the  "Leases").  The Company  has
 delivered to  Purchaser  true and  complete  copies  of all  of  the  Leases
 involving the Company Real Property..

           "Liability" means any  liability or obligation,  whether known  or
 unknown,  asserted  or  unasserted,  absolute  or  contingent,  matured   or
 unmatured, conditional  or  unconditional,  latent  or  patent,  accrued  or
 unaccrued, liquidated or unliquidated, or due or to become due.

           "MAG" shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

           "Material Adverse Change"  shall mean, with  respect to a  Person,
 that such Person has (i) breached a Material Contract, (ii) incurred a Claim
 or become a party to an Action that could have a significant and detrimental
 effect upon it, (iii) suffered a  Material Adverse Effect, or (iv)  violated
 any Law or Order to which it or any of its assets is subject or bound.

           "Material Adverse Effect"  shall mean, with  respect to a  Person,
 the occurrence of an  event or the  existence of a  circumstance that has  a
 material adverse  effect  on such  Person's  assets, business,  cash  flows,
 financial condition, liabilities,  operations, prospects, or  relationships,
 including the occurrence of any event  or the existence of any  circumstance
 that could cause such an effect in the future.

           "Material  Contracts"  shall  have   the  meaning  set  forth   in
 Contracts.

           "Note" shall have the meaning set forth in Purchase Price.

           "Order" shall  mean  any consent  decree,  decree,  determination,
 injunction, judgment,  order,  or writ  of  any arbitrator  or  Governmental
 Authority.

           "Partial  Tax  Period"  shall  have  the  meaning  set  forth   in
 Apportionment of  Income and  Loss.   For purposes  of apportioning  taxable
 income or  loss  relating  to  any  taxable period  that  ends  on  the  day
 immediately preceding the Effective Date ("Short  Tax Period") and for  that
 portion of any taxable year that includes (but that does not end on) the day
 immediately preceding  the Effective  Date (a  "Partial Tax  Period"),  such
 taxable income or loss shall be determined by reference to the operations of
 the Company  through the  day immediately  preceding the  Effective Date  as
 though it were  the last  day of a  taxable year  under Treasury  Regulation
 Section 1.1502-76(b).  If required, appropriate elections shall be made with
 applicable taxable authorities to accomplish such result..

           "Parties" shall have the meaning set forth in Recital C.

           "Pension Benefit Plan" shall mean (i) an "employee pension benefit
 plan" as defined in Section 3(2)  of ERISA, and (ii) a "multiemployer  plan"
 as defined in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA.

           "Permit" shall mean any license, approval, certificate, franchise,
 registration,  permit  or   authorization  issuable   by  any   Governmental
 Authority.

           "Permitted  Encumbrance"  shall  mean  any  Encumbrance   directly
 related to (i) workers', repairmen's and similar Encumbrances imposed by Law
 that have been incurred in the  ordinary course of business, (ii)  retention
 of title agreements with  suppliers entered into in  the ordinary course  of
 business, and (iii) the rights of others to customer deposits.

           "Person"  shall  mean  any  association,  bank,  business   trust,
 corporation,   estate,   general   partnership,   Governmental    Authority,
 individual,  joint  stock  company,  joint  venture,  labor  union,  limited
 liability company, limited partnership, non-profit corporation, professional
 association, professional corporation, trust,  or any other organization  or
 entity.

           "Personal Property Leases"  shall have  the meaning  set forth  in
 Leased Personal Property.  Schedule 3.13(b)  lists, as of the Signing  Date,
 all the leases of personal property to which the Company is a party.  All of
 the leases on Schedule 3.13(b) and  any leases of personal property  entered
 into  after  the  Signing  Date  in  accordance  with  Conduct  of  Business
 (collectively, the "Personal Property Leases") are or when entered into will
 be, as applicable, valid, binding and in full force and effect.  Neither the
 Company nor, to the Sellers' Knowledge, any other Person is in default under
 any Personal Property  Lease, nor is  there any event  which with notice  or
 lapse of time, or both, would constitute a default thereunder by the Company
 or any other Person.  True and complete copies of all the Personal  Property
 Leases, and any amendments thereto, have been provided to Purchaser prior to
 the Signing Date..

           "Plan" shall  mean  any bonus,  deferred  compensation,  incentive
 compensation, stock purchase,  stock option,  severance, hospitalization  or
 other medical, life or  other insurance, supplemental unemployment  benefit,
 profit  sharing,  pension,  or   retirement  plan,  program,  agreement   or
 arrangement.

           "Purchase Price"  shall have  the meaning  set forth  in  Purchase
 Price.

           "Purchaser" shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

           "Reinsured  Business"  shall  have   the  meaning  set  forth   in
 Reinsurance Transactions.

           "Representatives" shall  mean,  with  respect to  a  Person,  such
 Person's  directors,   employees,  officers,   agents,  brokers,   insurance
 companies, coinsurers,  reinsurers,  accountants,  affiliates,  consultants,
 investment bankers, attorneys, lenders, representatives and shareholders.

           "Required Consents"  shall  have the  meaning  set forth  in  Pre-
 Closing;  Required  Consents.     Schedule  7.2(b)   lists  the   Encumbered
 Instruments under which a Consent to any deemed transfer or assignment  must
 be obtained from the appropriate third party prior to Closing (collectively,
 the "Required Consents").  Except for  the Required Consents, the  obtaining
 of any  Consents  related to  the  Encumbered  Instruments shall  not  be  a
 condition to Closing, and  Closing shall occur  irrespective of whether  any
 such Consent has been obtained..

           "Required Permits"  shall  have  the meaning  set  forth  in  Pre-
 Closing; Required Permits.  Schedule 7.3(b) lists the Permits which must  be
 transferred to  or obtained  by Purchaser  prior to  Closing (the  "Required

 Permits").  Except  for the Required  Permits, the transfer  or issuance  to
 Purchaser of any  Permit shall not  be a condition  to Closing, and  Closing
 shall occur irrespective of whether any such Permit has been transferred  or
 obtained..

           "Returns" shall have the  meaning set forth in  Tax Returns.   All
 Tax returns (including amended returns and claims for refund), reports,  and
 declarations of estimated Tax (collectively, "Returns") which were  required
 to be filed by the Company with any Governmental Authority have been  timely
 filed.  All  Returns are  true and correct  and accurately  reflect the  Tax
 liabilities of the  Company.  All  Taxes shown to  be due  pursuant to  such
 Returns have been paid..

           "Seller Plans" shall have the meaning set forth in  Identification
 of Seller Plans.  Schedule 3.21(a) sets forth a list of all Employee Benefit
 Plans  which  provide  compensation  or  benefits  to  employees,  officers,
 directors or consultants of the Company, including, without limitation,  all
 Employee  Benefit  Plans  and  all  employment  or  executive   compensation
 agreements (collectively, the "Seller Plans").   The Sellers have  delivered
 to Purchaser true and complete copies of:  (i) each of the Seller Plans  and
 any related  funding  agreements  thereto  (including  insurance  contracts)
 including all amendments, all of which are legally valid and binding and  in
 full force  and  effect and  there  are  no defaults  thereunder,  (ii)  the
 currently effective  Summary  Plan Description  pertaining  to each  of  the
 Seller Plans, (iii)  the three most  recent annual reports  for each of  the
 Seller Plans, (iv) the most recent IRS determination letter for each  Seller
 Plan which is intended to constitute  a qualified plan under Section 401  of
 the Code,  and  (v)  financial  statements  for  each  funded  Seller  Plan.
 Notwithstanding any  statement  or  indication  in  this  Agreement  to  the
 contrary, except as disclosed in Schedule 3.21(a), there are no Seller Plans
 which the Sellers or Purchaser  will not be able  to terminate (or in  which
 the Sellers or Purchaser will not be able to terminate the participation  of
 their employees)  immediately after  the Closing  in accordance  with  their
 terms and  ERISA, and  without incurring  any expenses  (including, but  not
 limited to, loads or termination charges  imposed with respect to  insurance
 policies or  mutual  funds used  to  fund  such Seller  Plans),  other  than
 administrative expenses  in connection  with such  termination and  benefits
 accrued as of the date of such termination..

           "Sellers" shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

           "Sellers' Knowledge" shall  mean the  actual knowledge  as of  the
 date that a  specific representation  or warranty  is made  or deemed  made,
 after reasonable inquiry, of an individual Seller or the executive  officers
 of any Seller that is a corporation.

           "Settlement  Meeting"  shall  have   the  meaning  set  forth   in
 Settlement Meeting.

           "Shares" shall have the meaning set forth in Sale of Shares.

           "Short  Tax  Period"   shall  have  the   meaning  set  forth   in
 Apportionment of  Income and  Loss.   For purposes  of apportioning  taxable
 income or  loss  relating  to  any  taxable period  that  ends  on  the  day
 immediately preceding the Effective Date ("Short  Tax Period") and for  that
 portion of any taxable year that includes (but that does not end on) the day
 immediately preceding  the Effective  Date (a  "Partial Tax  Period"),  such
 taxable income or loss shall be determined by reference to the operations of
 the Company  through the  day immediately  preceding the  Effective Date  as
 though it were  the last  day of a  taxable year  under Treasury  Regulation
 Section 1.1502-76(b).  If required, appropriate elections shall be made with
 applicable taxable authorities to accomplish such result..

           "Signing Date" shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

           "Subject Jurisdictions"  shall  have  the  meaning  set  forth  in
 Liability For Short Period Tax.  Any taxable income or loss with respect  to
 a Short Tax  Period shall be  included in the  Company's federal income  Tax
 Return, and, if applicable, consolidated,  unitary or combined state  income
 Tax Returns filed on behalf of the Company in all jurisdictions to which the
 Company is subject to  income Tax (together with  the United States  Federal
 Return, the "Subject Jurisdictions").  Any  income tax payable with  respect
 to such Short  Tax Period shall  be borne by  the Sellers, as  a group,  and
 Purchaser as hereinafter provided; provided, however, that any tax liability
 arising from an election made under Section  338 of the Code shall be  borne
 solely by Purchaser..

           "Subscription  Right"  shall  have   the  meaning  set  forth   in
 Capitalization.

           "Supplemental Document"  shall  have  the  meaning  set  forth  in
 Supplemental Document and Consents.

           "Tax" shall mean any assessment, charge, duty, fee, impost,  levy,
 tariff, or  tax  of  any  nature  whatsoever  imposed  by  any  Governmental
 Authority or payable pursuant  to any tax  sharing agreement, including  any
 income, payroll,  withholding, excise,  gift, alternative  minimum,  capital
 gain, added value, social security, sales, use, real and personal  property,
 use and occupancy, business and occupation, mercantile, real estate, capital
 stock, and  franchise tax  or charge,  together with  any related  interest,
 penalties or additions thereon.

           "Tax Items" shall have the meaning  set forth in Payment of  Short
 Period Taxes.  With respect to each  Tax Return covering a Short Tax  Period
 that is required to be filed  in a Subject Jurisdiction after the  Effective
 Date for, by or with respect to a Company, the Sellers shall cause such  Tax
 Return to be prepared,  shall cause to  be included in  such Tax Return  all
 items  of  income,  gain,  loss,  deduction   and  credit  or  other   items
 (collectively "Tax  Items")  required  to be  included  therein,  and  shall
 deliver the original of  such Tax Return to  Purchaser, with copies of  work
 papers that will permit Purchaser to review and substantiate the accuracy of
 such Tax  Return,  at  least  45  days prior  to  the  due  date  (including
 extensions) of  such Tax  Return.   The  Sellers,  severally, shall  pay  to
 Purchaser (for payment to the applicable  taxing authority) not less than  2
 days prior to  the due date  (including extensions) of  a Tax  Return to  be
 filed in a Subject  Jurisdiction for a  Short Tax Period  the amount of  tax
 shown to be due on  such Tax Return (except  that any tax liability  arising
 from an election made under Section 338 of the Code shall be borne solely by
 Purchaser)..

           "Taxing Authority" shall mean the Internal Revenue Service and any
 other  domestic  or  foreign  Governmental  Authority  responsible  for  the
 administration of any Tax.

           "Transaction   Documents"   shall   mean   this   Agreement,   the
 Supplemental Document, and all other documents and instruments executed  and
 delivered pursuant to or in furtherance of this Agreement.

           "Trilogy" shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

           "Welfare Benefit  Plan" shall  mean an  "employee welfare  benefit
 plan" as defined  in Section 3(1)  of ERISA, including  an employee  welfare
 benefit plan which is a "multiemployer  welfare plan" as defined in  Section
 3(37) of ERISA and a "multiple  employer welfare arrangement" as defined  in
 Section 3(40) of ERISA.

      Accounting Terms.  Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement,  all
 accounting terms defined in this Agreement, whether defined in this  Article
 or otherwise, shall be construed in  accordance with GAAP on a  consolidated
 basis.

      Articles, Sections,  Exhibits and  Schedules.   Except as  specifically
 stated otherwise, references to  Articles, Sections, Exhibits and  Schedules
 refer to the Articles, Sections, Exhibits and Schedules of this Agreement.

      Attorneys'  Fees.    Whenever  this  Agreement  refers  to  a  Person's
 "attorneys' fees and expenses," such reference  also shall include any  fees
 and expenses of accountants, experts, investigators, and other  professional
 advisors whose  services  such  Person's attorney  considered  advisable  in
 connection with the prosecution or defense of the particular matter.

      Breach.  The term "breach" with  respect to any contract or  instrument
 means any  breach  or violation  of,  or  default under,  such  contract  or
 instrument,  any  conflict  with  another  contract  or  instrument  or  any
 emergence of a  right of  another party to  such contract  or instrument  to
 accelerate,  cancel,  modify  or  terminate  such  contract  or  instrument,
 including any such breach, violation, default, conflict, or right that  will
 arise after notice or lapse of time.

      Drafting.  Neither this Agreement nor  any provision set forth in  this
 Agreement shall be interpreted in favor of or against any Party because such
 Party or its  legal counsel drafted  this Agreement or  such provision.   No
 prior draft of this Agreement or  any provision set forth in this  Agreement
 shall be used when interpreting this Agreement or its provisions.

      Headings.  Article and Section headings are used in this Agreement only
 as a  matter  of  convenience  and  shall  not  have  any  effect  upon  the
 construction or interpretation of this Agreement.

      Include.  The term  "include" or any derivative  of such term does  not
 mean that the items following such term are the only types of such items.

      Or.  The term  "or" shall not  be interpreted as  excluding any of  the
 items described.

      Plural and Singular Words.  Whenever the plural form of a word is  used
 in this Agreement, that word shall  include the singular form of that  word.
 Whenever the singular form of  a word is used  in this Agreement, that  word
 shall include the plural form of that word.

      Predecessors.   Any  of  the Sellers'  representations  and  warranties
 concerning any Claim against the Company, any liability or obligation of the
 Company, or any  violation of Law  by the Company  shall include any  Claims
 with respect to each  predecessor of the Company,  including all direct  and
 indirect predecessors of any such predecessor.

      Pronouns.  Whenever a  pronoun of a particular  gender is used in  this
 Agreement, if appropriate that pronoun also shall refer to the other  gender
 and the neuter.   Whenever a neuter  pronoun is used  in this Agreement,  if
 appropriate that  pronoun also  shall refer  to the  masculine and  feminine
 gender.

      Representations and  Warranties.    The  Sellers'  representations  and
 warranties  under  this  Agreement   shall  mean  the  representations   and
 warranties set forth in  Article III and the  reaffirmation of the  Sellers'
 representations and warranties in certificates delivered pursuant to Article
 II.  Purchaser's representations and  warranties under this Agreement  shall
 mean the representations  and warranties  set forth  in Article  IV and  the
 reaffirmation of those  representations and warranties  in the  certificates
 delivered pursuant to Article II.

      Statutes.  Any reference to Law  or any specific statute shall  include
 any changes to such law or statute after the Signing Date, any successor law
 or statute, and  any regulations  and rules  promulgated under  such law  or
 statute and  any successor  law or  statute, whether  promulgated before  or
 after the Signing Date.

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
