<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.(O)
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>a87180exv10wxoy.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10(O)
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                                                   EXHIBIT 10(o)

May 21, 2001

Mr. Eddie Fadel
600 Gold Canyon
Palm Desert, California 92211

Re:  Employment at Ashworth, Inc.

Dear Mr. Fadel:

In accordance with our recent discussions, we are pleased to confirm our offer
to you of a position with Ashworth, Inc. (the "Company") upon the following
terms and conditions:

1.       Position; Reporting; Commencement. The initial position title shall be
         Vice President Callaway Golf Apparel Merchandising & Design and you
         shall report to Randy Herrel in his position of President/CEO. You
         shall commence employment on May 29, 2001. (The Company understands
         that you may need a few personal days transition.) You will be a member
         of the Company's Operating Committee. You will be required to observe
         the Company's personnel and business policies and procedures. In the
         event of any conflict, the terms of this letter will control.

2.       Base Salary; Reviews. You will receive a yearly salary of $145,000.00,
         less applicable withholding and deductions, which is payable every
         other Friday. Employees are generally given performance reviews in or
         about January of each year.

3.       Bonus Program. You have an opportunity to receive a bonus based on
         sales and gross margin goals specified in the Business Plan. The bonus
         will be 20% of your annual salary if the Company meets the Plan.

4.       Stock Options. The Company will grant you 20,000 options to purchase
         shares of the Company's common stock at an exercise price equal to the
         closing share price the day before your employment commences. The
         options will vest over a three-year period, i.e. 6,667 vesting on the
         one-year anniversary of employment commencement; 6,666 vesting on the
         two-year anniversary of employment commencement and 6,667 vesting on
         the three-year anniversary of employment commencement. Options will be
         exercisable for a period of time from the vesting date as defined by
         the Company's Stock Option Plan. You have an opportunity to receive
         additional stock options each year during the annual review process.

5.       Savings Plan. You will be eligible to participate in the Company's
         401(k) Plan at the first entry date following the completion of six
         months continuous employment with the Company. Under the current
         provisions, you will be eligible as of January 1, 2002.

6.       Insurance Benefits. The Company will provide you with coverage under
         its group medical, dental and life insurance policies as more
         specifically described in the group insurance materials which will be
         provided to you upon your commencement of employment. The cost of the
         medical and dental coverage will be shared between you and the Company,
         depending on your plan and coverage election. Under the current
         provisions, you will be eligible as of August 1, 2001. The Company
         reserves the right to change, modify or eliminate such benefits or
         coverage in its discretion. You will also be eligible for Ashworth's
         Exec-U-Care health benefits as well.

7.       Business Expenses, Cellular Phone, Clothing Allowance. You will receive
         reimbursement for normal, ordinary and reasonable business expenses
         upon your submission of receipts substantiating the expenses claimed in
         accordance with Company policy. You will receive a Company paid
         cellular phone; usage will be in accordance with Company policy. You
         will receive a Clothing Allowance in accordance with Company policy.

8.       Relocation Allowance. The Company will also provide up to $2,000 per
         month for temporary living expenses for a nine-month period. This
         amount will include housing and related expenses incurred with proper
         receipts.

9.       Confidentiality; Use of Licensed Software; Solicitation of Employees;
         Return of Property; Termination. You acknowledge that, in the course of
         your employment with the Company, you will have access to confidential
<PAGE>
May 21,2001
Mr. Eddie Fadel
Page 2 of 2

         information concerning the organization and functioning of the business
         of the Company, and that such information is a valuable trade secret
         and the sole property of the Company. Accordingly, except as required
         by law, legal process, or in connection with any litigation between the
         parties hereto with respect to matters arising out of this agreement,
         you agree that you will not, at any time during your employment with
         the Company or after such employment, whether such employment is
         terminated as a result of your resignation or discharge, disclose or
         furnish any such information to any person other than an officer of the
         Company, and you will make no use of any such information for your
         personal benefit.

         The Company licenses the use of computer software from a variety of
         outside companies and, unless authorized by the software developer,
         does not have the right to reproduce it. You may use software only in
         accordance with the license agreement, whether on local area networks
         or on multiple machines. If you learn of any misuse of software or
         related documentation within the Company, you must notify your
         department manager. If you make, acquire or use unauthorized copies of
         such computer software, you shall be disciplined as appropriate under
         the circumstances. Such discipline may include termination.

         You agree that for a period of two years from the date of voluntary or
         involuntary termination, you will not solicit on your behalf, or on
         behalf of a third party, any then current employee of the Company, to
         leave his or her employment with the Company for employment with
         another employer.

         You further agree that in the event of such termination, whether
         voluntary or involuntary, you will not remove from the offices of the
         Company any personal property that does not rightfully and legally
         belong to you and that you will return on the date of your said
         termination, to an authorized representative of the Company, any and
         all property belonging to the Company. You also agree that you will
         provide passwords on request for personal computer files.

10.      At-Will Employment. You understand and agree that you are being
         employed for an unspecified term and that this is an "at-will"
         employment relationship. This means that either you or the Company may
         terminate your employment at will at any time with or without cause or
         notice. This at-will aspect of your employment, which includes the
         right of the Company to transfer, discipline, demote and/or reassign,
         may not be modified, amended or rescinded except by an individual
         written agreement signed by both you and the Company's President. This
         letter sets forth the entire agreement between the parties and there
         are no prior or contemporaneous representations, promises or
         conditions, whether oral or written, to the contrary.

This offer of employment is contingent upon the satisfactory completion of a
background check, verifying that the information provided by you on your
application and resume is accurate and correct. The Company reserves the right
to withdraw an offer of employment, or to terminate employment, at any time
based on information arising from the background check.

If you are in agreement with the terms of this letter, please sign and return
one copy of the enclosed letter to the Human Resource Department to effect the
commencement of your employment. If you have any questions, please contact me at
your earliest convenience.

Sincerely,

/s/ Randall L. Herrel, Sr.
---------------------------
Randall L. Herrel, Sr.
President & CEO

ACCEPTED AND AGREED TO THIS
29 DAY OF May, 2001

/s/ Eddie Fadel
---------------------------
Eddie Fadel

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
