<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.14
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>colorimaging10k123102ex1014.txt
<DESCRIPTION>PURCHASE AND SALE REL. AGMT.
<TEXT>
                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.14


                                  CONFIDENTIAL
                     PURCHASE AND SALE AND RELEASE AGREEMENT

     THIS PURCHASE AND SALE AND RELEASE  AGREEMENT (the "Agreement") is made and
entered into as of the 27 day of February,  2003 (the "Effective  Date"), by and
among Color Imaging,  Inc., a Delaware  corporation  (the "Company") and Michael
Edson, a resident of the State of California ("Mr. Edson").

                                   WITNESSETH

     WHEREAS,  Mr.  Edson  acquired  12,960  shares of the  Common  Stock of the
Company  duly issued by the Company on December  24, 2001 as  evidenced by Stock
Certificate No. CI 0365 ("Edson Shares") and a warrant to purchase 25,960 shares
of the Common Stock of the Company  ("Edson  Warrant")  pursuant to that certain
Private Placement completed in 2001;

     WHEREAS, Mr. Edson is now dissatisfied with the investment related thereto,
including the timing of, and the divestiture  of, Logical  Imaging  Solutions by
the Company,  the Edson Warrant being for two years per the  documentation  when
Mr.  Edson  believed  the Edson  Warrant was for three  years,  the delay of the
Company's  registration  statement being  effective,  and the involvement of the
Company with Wall Street  Consulting  Corp.,  which was a factor in the delay of
the Company's registration  statement being effective,  and other related broker
dealer issues;

     WHEREAS, Mr. Edson desires to sell, and the Company desires to purchase the
Edson Shares and the Edson Warrant (collectively, the "Edson Securities").

     IT IS THEREFORE AGREED, in consideration of the mutual promises,  covenants
and  premises  herein,  for  good  and  valuable  consideration   simultaneously
exchanged  between the Company and the Mr. Edson, the receipt and sufficiency of
which are hereby expressly  acknowledged,  the parties hereto mutually  covenant
and agree as follows:

     1. Affidavit and Indemnity for Lost Edson Securities.

     (a) Mr. Edson agrees as follows:



<PAGE>

          (i) Mr.  Edson never  received the Edson  Securities  and Mr. Edson is
     convinced that such Edson Securities will not be found.

          (ii) The Edson  Securities  have not been  pledged,  sold,  delivered,
     transferred or assigned in whole or in part by Mr. Edson.

          (iii) In lieu of the Edson Securities being cancelled on the books and
     records of the Company and the issuance of a new certificate and warrant in
     substitution  thereof,  that  subject  to the terms of this  Agreement  and
     payment  of the  purchase  price  below,  the Edson  Securities  are hereby
     cancelled on the books and records of the Company.

          (iv) In the event the Edson  Securities  are found,  Mr.  Edson  shall
     consider such Edson Securities null, void and cancelled,  will mark each of
     them  "Cancelled"  and shall promptly  return such Edson  Securities to the
     Company.

     (b) Mr.  Edson hereby  indemnifies  and holds  harmless  the  Company,  its
successors and assigns, officers,  directors and shareholders,  from and against
any and all costs, actions, suits, damages,  charges of expenses arising from or
by reason of the action of the Company in accepting  this  transfer of the Edson
Securities for consideration in lieu of the delivery of the Edson Securities.

     2. Sale of  Securities.  Mr. Edson hereby sells and assigns to the Company,
and  the  Company  hereby  purchases,  the  Securities  free  and  clear  of all
encumbrances  or  restrictions  for a purchase price of U.S. Forty Nine Thousand
Nine Hundred and Twenty Dollars  ($49,920).  Upon receipt of the items set forth
in Section 5 below by the Company,  the Company shall deliver the purchase price
within five (5) days to Mr. Edson at 13318 Mullholland, Beverly Hills, CA 90210.

     3. Representations of Mr. Edson. Mr. Edson represents that he has the legal
right and power, and all consents, approvals and authorizations required by law,
to enter into this Agreement and to sell, transfer and deliver the Securities in
the manner provided in this Agreement.  The Securities are free and clear of any
security interest,  pledge, lien, charge,  adverse claim of ownership or use, or
any restriction on ownership,  use, voting, transfer or receipt of dividends, or
any encumbrance of any kind.

                                       2
<PAGE>

     4. Representation of Company. The Company has all necessary corporate power
and authority to execute and deliver this  Agreement.  The Board of Directors of
the Company has duly approved and  authorized the execution and delivery of this
Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.

     5. Deliveries.  On the date hereof,  Mr. Edson has delivered to the Company
(a) an executed stock power covering the transfer of the Edson Shares (Medallion
Signature Guaranteed), and (b) this Agreement executed by Mr. Edson.

     6.  Confidentiality  of this  Agreement.  The  provisions of this Agreement
shall  be  considered  proprietary  information  and held in  confidence  by the
parties  and shall not be  publicized  or  disclosed  in any manner  whatsoever,
except where  required to enforce the terms of this  Agreement.  Notwithstanding
the  prohibition  in the  preceding  sentence:  (a) Mr. Edson may disclose  this
Agreement,  in  confidence,  to  immediate  family  who  agree to  maintain  the
information  in  confidence;  (b) the parties may  disclose  this  Agreement  in
confidence  to  their  attorneys,  accountants,  auditors,  tax  preparers,  and
financial advisors who agree to maintain the information in confidence;  (c) the
Company may disclose this  Agreement to its  employees,  agents,  and affiliates
only as  necessary to perform the  Agreement  or to fulfill  standard or legally
required corporate reporting or disclosure requirements; and (d) the parties may
disclose this Agreement  insofar as such  disclosure may be necessary to enforce
its  terms  or  as  otherwise  required  by  law.  In  particular,  and  without
limitation,  Mr. Edson agrees not to discuss this  Agreement  and its terms with
present  or former  Company  employees,  shareholders  or other  individuals  or
entities doing business with Company.

     7. Non-Disparagement. Mr. Edson shall not at anytime make false, misleading
or  disparaging  statements  about the  Company,  its  parent,  subsidiaries  or
affiliates,  including any of their products, services,  management,  directors,
officers, employees, and customers.

                                       3
<PAGE>

     8. Release of Company. (a) By signing this Agreement,  Mr. Edson on his own
behalf and that of his heirs and assigns  hereby  releases,  acquits and forever
discharges the Company and its successors, assigns and affiliates, shareholders,
officers,  directors,  attorneys and agents,  (other than the persons covered by
the assignment at Section 10 below) of and from any and all claims, liabilities,
demands,   causes  of  action,  costs,   expenses,   attorneys'  fees,  damages,
indemnities  and  obligations  of every kind and  nature,  other than the claims
assigned  at  Section  10 below  (collectively  "Claims"),  in law,  equity,  or
otherwise, known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected, disclosed or undisclosed,
arising from or in any way related to agreements, events, acts or conduct at any
time prior to and including the Effective Date of this Agreement,  including but
not limited to: (i) all Claims  related to the  purchase  or  repurchase  of the
Securities  offered and sold in the Company's  private  placement during 2001 in
which Mr. Edson  acquired the  Securities;  (ii) all Claims  arising out of that
certain  Subscription  Agreement,  dated  December 24, 2002,  by and between the
Company  and  Edson,  (iii)  all  Claims  related  to the  timing  of,  and  the
divestiture of Logical Imaging Solutions by the Company, (iv) all Claims related
to the  involvement  of the Company  with Wall Street  Consultants,  and (v) all
Claims  pursuant  to any  federal,  state or  local  law  (including  applicable
securities and corporate laws) or cause of action,  tort law,  contract law, and
breach of the implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing. Mr. Edson further
hereby covenants not to sue or otherwise initiate any legal proceedings  against
the  Company  and its  successors,  assigns  and  affiliates  and all  officers,
directors, agents, shareholders,  successors,  assigns and affiliates of each of
the  foregoing,  arising from events,  acts or conduct that occurred at any time
prior to or  including  the  Effective  Date of this  Agreement.

     (b) MR. EDSON  EXPRESSLY  WAIVES WITH REGARD TO ANY UNKNOWN  CLAIMS ANY AND
ALL RIGHTS UNDER CALIFORNIA CIVIL CODE SS. 1542 WHICH PROVIDES AS FOLLOWS:

         A GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO CLAIMS WHICH THE CREDITOR DOES NOT
         KNOW OR  SUSPECT  TO EXIST IN HIS  FAVOR AT THE TIME OF  EXECUTING  THE
         RELEASE,  WHICH  IF  KNOWN TO HIM MUST  HAVE  MATERIALLY  AFFECTED  HIS
         SETTLEMENT WITH THE DEBTOR.

MR. EDSON ACKNOWLEDGES THAT HE MAY HAVE SUSTAINED  DAMAGES,  EXPENSES AND LOSSES
WHICH ARE PRESENTLY UNKNOWN OR NOT SUSPECTED, AND THAT SUCH CLAIMS, EXPENSES AND
LOSSES,  IF ANY, MAY GIVE RISE TO  ADDITIONAL  CLAIMS FOR DAMAGES,  EXPENSES AND


                                       4
<PAGE>

LOSSES IN THE FUTURE WHICH ARE NOT ANTICIPATED IN CONNECTION WITH THE SUBJECT OF
THIS AGREEMENT.  NEVERTHELESS,  MR. EDSON  ACKNOWLEDGES  THAT THIS AGREEMENT HAS
BEEN SIGNED IN LIGHT OF THESE RISKS AND HE IS FULLY AWARE OF THESE CIRCUMSTANCES
AND  EXPRESSLY  WAIVES ALL RIGHTS HE MAY HAVE WITH  RESPECT TO SUCH CLAIMS UNDER
CALIFORNIA  CIVIL CODE SS. 1542, OR UNDER ANY OTHER STATE OR FEDERAL  STATUTE OR
COMMON LAW PRINCIPLE.

     9. Voluntary Action. Each party acknowledges that he or it, as the case may
be, executes this Agreement  freely and  voluntarily,  without  threat,  duress,
coercion or promise of any future  consideration not expressly set forth in this
Agreement. He further acknowledges that he has been advised by this writing that
he has  been  advised  to  consult  with an  attorney  prior to  executing  this
Agreement.

     10. Assignment of Third Party Claims; Cooperation. Mr. Edson hereby assigns
and transfers to the Company all rights he has against  Larry Gordon,  Lexington
Ventures,  Inc., Jack Myers, J.G. Myers & Co., Wall Street Consulting Corp. (and
its  affiliates),  Michael  Brennan,  and any former  director or officer of the
Company (the "Potential  Defendants")  arising from Mr. Edson's  purchase of the
Securities.  In connection therewith,  Mr. Edson agrees to make available to the
Company,  upon its written request, any and all records and documentation in his
possession relating to such purchase. Mr. Edson shall cooperate with the Company
should it decide to pursue claims against the Potential Defendants.

     11. Entire Agreement.  This Agreement  constitutes the complete,  final and
exclusive  embodiment of the entire  agreement  between the parties  hereto with
respect to the  subject  matter  hereof.  This  Agreement  is  executed  without
reliance upon any promise,  warranty or representation,  written or oral, by any
party or any  representative  of any party other than those expressly  contained
herein and it supersedes any other such promises, warranties or representations.
Mr. Edson  acknowledges  that he has  carefully  read this  Agreement,  has been
afforded  the  opportunity  to be,  and has been,  advised  of its  meaning  and
consequences by an attorney,  and has signed the same of his own free will. This


                                       5
<PAGE>

Agreement  may not be amended or modified  except in a writing  signed by all of
the  parties  hereto.  Each  party will bear all of his or its own costs or fees
incurred in connection with the making of this Agreement.

     12. Severability.  If a court of competent jurisdiction determines that any
term or provision of this Agreement is invalid or unenforceable,  in whole or in
part,  then the remaining terms and provision  hereof shall be unimpaired.  Such
court will have the authority to modify or replace the invalid or  unenforceable
term or  provision  with a valid and  enforceable  term or  provision  that most
accurately  represents  the  parties'  intention  with respect to the invalid or
unenforceable term or provision.

     13.  Warranties.  Mr. Edson warrants and represents that there are no liens
or claims of lien or assignments in law or equity or otherwise on or against any
of the claims or causes of action  released  herein and that he has not assigned
or otherwise  transferred any of the claims or causes of action released herein.
Further, Mr. Edson affirms that he is fully entitled and duly authorized to give
his release and discharge as provided herein.

     14. Successors and Assigns.  This Agreement shall bind the heirs,  personal
representatives,  successors,  assigns,  executors,  and  administrators of each
party, and inures to the benefit of each party, its or her heirs, successors and
assigns.

     15. Counterparts.  This Agreement may be executed in counterparts,  each of
which shall be deemed an original and all of which together shall constitute one
and the same instrument.

     16.  Jurisdiction  and  Venue.  Any legal  action or other  formal  dispute
resolution  proceeding  initiated by or arising between the parties and relating
to this Agreement  shall be subject to the exclusive  jurisdiction  and venue of
the  Superior  Court of Los Angeles  County,  California,  or the United  States
District Court for the Central District of California.

     17.  Applicable  Law. This Agreement  shall be  interpreted,  construed and
enforced in accordance  with the laws of the State of Georgia  without regard to
its conflicts of law principles.

                                       6
<PAGE>

     18. Condition  Precedent.  The parties hereto acknowledge and agree that it
is his and its intention to complete this  transaction  simultaneously  with the
purchase by the Company  pursuant to that certain  Purchase and Sale and Release
Agreement  (the  "Chromik  Agreement")  by and  between  the Company and Stephen
Chromik of securities  purchased from the Company by Stephen Chromik pursuant to
the Company's Private Placement completed in 2001. In the event the transactions
contemplated  by  this  Agreement  and the  Chromik  Agreement  are  not  closed
simultaneously, this Agreement shall be of no force or effect.

     19. Breach.  Subject to Section 18 above, in the event the Company fails to
deliver  payment of the purchase price in accordance  with Section 2 above or in
the event the Company fails to deliver  payment of the purchase price to Stephen
Chromik in accordance with Section 1 of the Chromik Agreement, Mr. Edson may, in
his sole  discretion,  elect to (a) enforce his rights under this Agreement,  or
(b)  waive any and all  rights  to pursue  claims  for  breach  of  contract  or
otherwise  under this  Agreement,  and solely  upon such  election  to waive his
rights  hereunder,  (i) Sections 5, 6, 7, 8 and 10 of this Agreement shall be of
no force or effect,  and (ii) Mr.  Edson may pursue  any  claims  covered  under
Sections  5,  6,  7, 8 and 10 of this  Agreement  and  (iii)  any  amounts  paid
hereunder to Mr.  Edson by the Company and the  Securities  purchased  hereunder
shall be taken into account in  determining  whether the Company has any further
obligation to Mr. Edson.


                                       7
<PAGE>


     IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  the  parties the parties  hereto have  executed  this
Agreement as of the date first above written.

                                       COLOR IMAGING, INC.

                                             /S/ MORRIS E. VAN ASPEREN
                                       By: _______________________________
                                       Its:       EXECUTIVE VP
                                       Date Executed:  2-27-03
Sworn to and subscribed
before me this 27 day of
February, 2003


/S/ SHOBHA PATEL
----------------------
Notary Public
[Seal]
                                       MR. EDSON:

                                       /S/ MICAEL EDSON
                                       ------------------------------------
                                       Michael Edson
                                       Date Executed:  2-28-03
Sworn to and subscribed
before me this 28th day of
February, 2003


/S/ JONG H. KIM
----------------------
Notary Public
[Seal]

1589916v10

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
