<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ex-10_17.txt
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDED SAVINGS PLAN
<TEXT>

                                                    EXHIBIT 10.17





                       EOG RESOURCES, INC.

                          SAVINGS PLAN








                     As Amended and Restated
                    Effective January 1, 2002




<PAGE>
                         TABLE OF CONTENTS
                                                              Page

ARTICLE I   DEFINITIONS                                        I-1
     1.1  "Account"                                            I-1
     1.2  "Active Service"                                     I-1
     1.3  "Actual Contribution Ratio"                          I-1
     1.4  "Actual Deferral Percentage"                         I-1
     1.5  "Actual Deferral Ratio"                              I-2
     1.6  "Affiliated Employer"                                I-2
     1.7  "Aggregate Accounts"                                 I-2
     1.8  "Aggregation Group"                                  I-2
     1.9  "Annual Additions"                                   I-2
     1.10 "Annual Compensation"                                I-2
     1.11 "Annuity Starting Date"                              I-3
     1.12 "Beneficiary"                                        I-3
     1.13 "Board of Directors"                                 I-3
     1.14 "Code"                                               I-3
     1.15 "Committee"                                          I-3
     1.16 "Company Stock"                                      I-3
     1.17 "Considered Compensation"                            I-3
     1.18 "Contribution"                                       I-3
     1.19 "Contribution Percentage"                            I-4
     1.20 "Determination Date"                                 I-4
     1.21 "Direct Rollover"                                    I-4
     1.22 "Disability"                                         I-4
     1.23 "Distributee"                                        I-4
     1.24 "Eligible Retirement Plan"                           I-4
     1.25 "Eligible Rollover Distribution"                     I-5
     1.26 "Employee"                                           I-5
     1.27 "Employer" or "Employers"                            I-6
     1.28 "ERISA"                                              I-6
     1.29 "Excess 401(k) Contributions"                        I-6
     1.30 "Excess Aggregate 401(m) Contributions"              I-6
     1.31 "Excess Deferral"                                    I-6
     1.32 "Five Percent Owner"                                 I-6
     1.33 "Former Member"                                      I-6
     1.34 "Highly Compensated Employee"                        I-6
     1.35 "Hour of Service"                                    I-6
     1.36 "Key Employee"                                       I-6
     1.37 "Leased Employee"                                    I-7
     1.38 "Limitation Year"                                    I-7
     1.39 "Member"                                             I-7
     1.40 "Non-Highly Compensated Employee"                    I-7
     1.41 "Non-Key Employee"                                   I-7
     1.42 "Period of Service"                                  I-7
     1.43 "Period of Severance"                                I-8
     1.44 "Plan"                                               I-8
     1.45 "Plan Year"                                          I-8
     1.46 "Qualified Joint and Survivor Annuity"               I-8
     1.47 "Qualified Nonelective Employer Contribution"        I-8
     1.48 "Qualified Preretirement Survivor Annuity"           I-8
     1.49 "Regulation"                                         I-8
     1.50 "Retirement Age"                                     I-8
     1.51 "Rollover Contribution"                              I-8
     1.52 "Section 401(k) Contributions"                       I-8
     1.53 "Section 401(m) Contributions"                       I-9
     1.54 "Service"                                            I-9
     1.55 "Severs Service"                                     I-9
     1.56 "Sponsor"                                            I-9
     1.57 "Top-Heavy Plan"                                     I-9
     1.58 "Transferred"                                        I-9
     1.59 "Trust"                                              I-9
     1.60 "Trustee"                                            I-9
     1.61 "Trust Fund"                                         I-9
     1.62 "USERRA"                                             I-9
     1.63 "Valuation Date"                                    I-10

ARTICLE II  ACTIVE SERVICE                                    II-1
     2.1  When Active Service Begins                          II-1
     2.2  Aggregation of Service                              II-1
     2.3  Eligibility Computation Periods                     II-1
     2.4  Periods of Service of Less Than One Year            II-1
     2.5  Service Prior to Severance                          II-1
     2.6  Periods of Severance Due to Child Birth or
          Adoption                                            II-1
     2.7  Transfers                                           II-2
     2.8  Employment Records Conclusive                       II-2
     2.9  Coverage of Certain Previously Excluded Employees   II-2
     2.10 Military Service                                    II-2

ARTICLE III ELIGIBILITY RULES                                III-1
     3.1  Eligibility Requirements                           III-1
     3.2  Eligibility Upon Reemployment                      III-1
     3.3  Frozen Participation                               III-1

ARTICLE IV  CONTRIBUTIONS AND THEIR LIMITATIONS               IV-1
     4.1  Employee After Tax Contributions                    IV-1
     4.2  Rollover Contributions and Direct Transfers         IV-1
     4.3  Salary Deferral Contributions                       IV-2
     4.4  Employer Matching Contributions                     IV-2
     4.5  Employer Discretionary Contributions                IV-2
     4.6  Restoration Contributions                           IV-3
     4.7  Qualified Nonelective Employer Contribution         IV-3
     4.8  Top-Heavy Contribution                              IV-3
     4.9  Contributions Required on Return From Military
          Service                                             IV-3
     4.10 Deadline for Payment of Contributions               IV-3
     4.11 Limitations Based Upon Deductibility and the
          Maximum Allocation Permitted to a Member's Account  IV-4
     4.12 Dollar Limitation on Salary Deferral Contributions  IV-4
     4.13 Limitation Based Upon Actual Deferral Percentage    IV-4
     4.14 Limitation Based Upon Contribution Percentage       IV-6
     4.15 Alternative Limitation Based Upon Actual Deferral
          Percentage and Contribution Percentage. This
          Section shall apply only for Plan Years beginning
          before January 1, 2002                              IV-8
     4.16 Excess Deferral Fail Safe                           IV-8
     4.17 Actual Deferral Percentage Fail Safe                IV-9
     4.18 Contribution Percentage Fail Safe                  IV-10
     4.19 Alternative Limitation Fail Safe. This Section
          shall apply only for Plan Years beginning before
          January 1, 2002                                    IV-10
     4.20 Income Allocable to Excess 401(k) and
          Aggregate 401(m) Contributions                     IV-11
     4.21 Return of Contributions for Mistake,
          Disqualification or Disallowance of Deduction      IV-11

ARTICLE V   PARTICIPATION                                      V-1
     5.1  Allocation of Employee Contributions                 V-1
     5.2  Allocation of Rollover Contributions and Direct
          Transfers                                            V-1
     5.3  Allocation of Salary Deferral Contributions          V-1
     5.4  Allocation of Employer Matching Contributions        V-1
     5.5  Allocation of Employer Discretionary Contributions   V-1
     5.6  Allocation of Restoration Contributions              V-1
     5.7  Allocation of Qualified Nonelective Employer
          Contributions                                        V-1
     5.8  Allocation of Top-Heavy Contributions                V-2
     5.9  Effect of Transfers Upon Allocations                 V-2
     5.10 Application of Forfeitures                           V-2
     5.11 Scheduled Allocation of Income or Losses and
          Appreciation or Depreciation                         V-2
     5.12 Interim Allocation of Income or Losses and
          Appreciation or Depreciation                         V-2

ARTICLE VI  DISTRIBUTIONS AND FORFEITURES                     VI-1
     6.1  Valuation of Accounts for Distributions             VI-1
     6.2  Distribution on Death                               VI-1
     6.3  Distribution on Retirement                          VI-1
     6.4  Distribution on Disability                          VI-1
     6.5  Distribution on Severance From Service              VI-1
     6.6  Distribution on Issuance of a Qualified Domestic
          Relations Order                                     VI-2
     6.7  Forfeiture on Severing Service With All Affiliated
          Employers                                           VI-3
     6.8  Forfeiture by Lost Members or Beneficiaries;
          Escheat                                             VI-3
     6.9  Qualified Joint and Survivor and Qualified
          Preretirement Survivor Annuity                      VI-3
     6.10 Form of Distributions                               VI-5
     6.11 Adjustment of Value of Distribution                 VI-6
     6.12 Normal Time for Distribution                        VI-6
     6.13 Time Limit For Distribution                         VI-6
     6.14 Protected Benefits                                  VI-7

ARTICLE VII WITHDRAWALS AND LOANS                            VII-1
     7.1  Valuation of Accounts for Withdrawals and Loans    VII-1
     7.2  Withdrawals of Employee After Tax and Rollover
          Accounts                                           VII-1
     7.3  Withdrawal for Financial Hardship                  VII-1
     7.4  Withdrawals On or After Age 59-1/2                 VII-2
     7.5  Loans                                              VII-2

ARTICLE VIII GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO FILING A
             CLAIM, DISTRIBUTIONS TO MINORS AND NO
             DUPLICATION OF BENEFITS                        VIII-1
     8.1  Claims Procedure                                  VIII-1
     8.2  No Duplication of Benefits                        VIII-2
     8.3  Distributions to Disabled or Minors               VIII-2

ARTICLE IX  TOP-HEAVY REQUIREMENTS                            IX-1
     9.1  Application                                         IX-1
     9.2  Top-Heavy Test                                      IX-1
     9.3  Vesting Restrictions if Plan Becomes Top-Heavy      IX-2
     9.4  Minimum Contribution if Plan Becomes Top-Heavy      IX-2
     9.5  Coverage Under Multiple Top-Heavy Plans             IX-3

ARTICLE X   ADMINISTRATION OF THE PLAN                         X-1
     10.1  Appointment, Term of Service & Removal              X-1
     10.2  Powers                                              X-1
     10.3  Organization                                        X-2
     10.4  Quorum and Majority Action                          X-2
     10.5  Signatures                                          X-2
     10.6  Disqualification of Committee Member                X-2
     10.7  Disclosure to Members                               X-2
     10.8  Standard of Performance                             X-2
     10.9  Liability of Committee and Liability Insurance      X-2
     10.10 Exemption from Bond                                 X-3
     10.11 Compensation                                        X-3
     10.12 Persons Serving in Dual Fiduciary Roles             X-3
     10.13 Administrator                                       X-3
     10.14 Standard of Judicial Review of Committee Actions    X-3
     10.15 Officer Status                                      X-4

ARTICLE XI  TRUST FUND AND CONTRIBUTIONS                      XI-1
     11.1 Funding of Plan                                     XI-1
     11.2 Incorporation of Trust                              XI-1
     11.3 Authority of Trustee                                XI-1
     11.4 Allocation of Responsibility                        XI-1

ARTICLE XII ADOPTION OF PLAN BY OTHER EMPLOYERS              XII-1
     12.1 Adoption Procedure                                 XII-1
     12.2 No Joint Venture Implied                           XII-1
     12.3 All Trust Assets Available to Pay All Benefits     XII-1
     12.4 Qualification a Condition Precedent to Adoption
          and Continued Participation                        XII-1

ARTICLE XIII AMENDMENT AND WITHDRAWAL OR TERMINATION        XIII-1
     13.1 Right to Amend                                    XIII-1
     13.2 Limitation on Amendments                          XIII-1
     13.3 Each Employer Deemed to Adopt Amendment Unless
          Rejected                                          XIII-1
     13.4 Amendment Applicable Only to Members Still
          Employed Unless Amendment Specifically Provides
          Otherwise                                         XIII-2
     13.5 Mandatory Amendments                              XIII-2
     13.6 Withdrawal of Employer                            XIII-2
     13.7 Termination of Plan                               XIII-3
     13.8 100% Vesting Required on Partial or Complete
          Termination or Complete Discontinuance            XIII-3
     13.9 Distribution Upon Termination                     XIII-3

ARTICLE XIV SALE OF EMPLOYER OR SUBSTANTIALLY ALL OF ITS
            ASSETS                                           XIV-1
     14.1 Continuance Permitted Upon Sale or Transfer of
          Assets                                             XIV-1
     14.2 Distributions Upon Disposition of Assets or a
          Subsidiary                                         XIV-1

ARTICLE XV  MISCELLANEOUS                                     XV-1
     15.1 Plan Not An Employment Contract                     XV-1
     15.2 Benefits Provided Solely From Trust                 XV-1
     15.3 Anti-Alienation Provision                           XV-1
     15.4 Requirements Upon Merger or Consolidation of Plans  XV-2
     15.5 Gender and Number                                   XV-2
     15.6 Severability                                        XV-2
     15.7 Governing Law; Parties to Legal Actions             XV-2

ARTICLE XVI VOTING OF COMPANY STOCK AND TENDER OFFERS        XVI-1
     16.1 Voting of Company Stock                            XVI-1
     16.2 Tender Offers                                      XVI-1
     16.3 Shares Credited                                    XVI-3
     16.4 Conversion                                         XVI-3
     16.5 Named Fiduciary                                    XVI-3


<PAGE>
                EOG RESOURCES, INC. SAVINGS PLAN

     EOG Resources, Inc. has entered into the following
Agreement:

                           WITNESSETH:

     WHEREAS, EOG Resources, Inc. has heretofore adopted a
qualified profit sharing plan with a 401(k) feature and exempt
trust for the exclusive benefit of its employees and their
beneficiaries; and

     WHEREAS, it has been determined that the plan should now be
completely amended, restated and continued without a gap or lapse
in coverage, time or effect which would cause any Member to
become fully vested or entitled to distribution, in order to
(a) effect numerous technical changes for the benefit of eligible
employees and beneficiaries, and (b) to ensure the plan's
qualification under the applicable provisions of the Internal
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the Employee Retirement
Income Security Act of 1974, as amended; and

     WHEREAS, it is intended that other business organizations
may adopt this plan and its related trust for the exclusive
benefit of their employees and their employees' beneficiaries;

     NOW, THEREFORE, this Agreement is entered into in order to
set forth the terms of that profit sharing plan with a 401(k)
feature which are as follows:

                            ARTICLE I

                           DEFINITIONS

     The words and phrases defined in this Article shall have the
meaning set out in the definition unless the context in which the
word or phrase appears reasonably requires a broader, narrower or
different meaning.

     1.1  "Account"  means all ledger accounts pertaining to a Member
which are maintained by the Committee to reflect the Member's
interest in the Trust Fund.  The Committee shall establish the
following Accounts and any additional Accounts that the Committee
considers necessary to reflect the entire interest of the Member
in the Trust Fund.  Each of the Accounts listed below and any
additional Accounts established by the Committee shall reflect
the Contributions or amounts transferred to the Trust Fund, if
any, and the appreciation or depreciation of the assets in the
Trust Fund and the income earned or loss incurred on the assets
in the Trust Fund attributable to the Contributions and/or other
amounts transferred to the Account.

          (a)  Employee After Tax Contribution Account - The Member's after
     tax contributions, if any.

          (b)  Salary Deferral Contribution Account - The Member's before
     tax contributions, if any.

          (c)  Employer Matching Contribution Account - The Employer's
     matching contributions allocated to the Member, if any.

          (d)  Employer Discretionary Contribution Account  - The
     Employer's discretionary contributions, if any.

          (e)  Qualified Nonelective Employer Contribution Account - The
     Employer's Qualified Nonelective Employer Contributions allocated
     to the Member, if any.

          (f)  Rollover Account - Funds transferred from another qualified
     plan or IRA Account for the benefit of a Member.

     1.2  "Active Service"  means the Periods of Service which are
counted for either eligibility or vesting purposes as calculated
under Article II.

     1.3  "Actual Contribution Ratio"  means for an Employee the
ratio of Section 401(m) Contributions actually paid into the
Trust on behalf of the Employee for a Plan Year to the Employee's
Annual Compensation earned while the Employee was a Member for
the same Plan Year.

     1.4  "Actual Deferral Percentage"  means for a specified group
of Employees for a Plan Year the average of the ratios
(calculated separately for each Employee in the group) of the sum
of Section 401(k) Contributions actually paid into the Trust on
behalf of each Employee for that Plan Year to the Employee's
Annual Compensation earned while the Employee was a Member for
the same Plan Year.

     1.5  "Actual Deferral Ratio"  means for an Employee the ratio of
Section 401(k) Contributions actually paid into the Trust on
behalf of the Employee for a Plan Year to the Employee's Annual
Compensation earned while the Employee was a Member for the same
Plan Year.

     1.6  "Affiliated Employer"   means the Employer and any employer
which is a member of the same controlled group of corporations
within the meaning of section 414(b) of the Code, which is a
trade or business (whether or not incorporated) which is under
common control within the meaning of section 414(c) of the Code,
which is a member of an affiliated service group within the
meaning of section 414(m) of the Code with the Employer, or which
is required to be aggregated with the Employer under
section 414(o) of the Code.  For purposes of the limitation on
allocations contained in Part B of Article V, the definition of
Affiliated Employer is modified by substituting the phrase more
than 50 percent in place of the phrase at least 80 percent each
place the latter phrase appears in section 1563(a)(1) of the
Code.

     1.7  "Aggregate Accounts"   means the total of all Account
balances derived from Employer Contributions and Employee
Contributions.

     1.8  "Aggregation Group"   means (a) each plan of the Employer
or any Affiliated Employer in which a Key Employee is a Member
and (b) each other plan of the Employer or any Affiliated
Employer which enables any plan in (a) to meet the requirements
of either section 401(a)(4) or 410 of the Code.  Any Employer may
treat a plan not required to be included in the Aggregation Group
as being a part of the group if the group would continue to meet
the requirements of sections 401(a)(4) and 410 of the Code with
that plan being taken into account.

     1.9  "Annual Additions"   means the sum of the following amounts
credited on behalf of a Member for the Limitation Year:
(a) Employer Contributions, (b) Employee After Tax Contributions,
and (c) forfeitures.  Excess 401(k) Contributions and Excess
Aggregate 401(m) Contributions for a Plan Year are treated as
Annual Additions for that Plan Year even if they are corrected
through distribution or recharacterization.  Excess Deferrals
that are timely distributed as set forth in Section 4.12 shall
not be treated as Annual Additions.

     1.10 "Annual Compensation"   means wages within the meaning of
section 3401(a) of the Code and all other payments of
compensation to an Employee by the Affiliated Employer for which
a written statement is required to be furnished under sections
6041(d), 6051(a)(3), and 6052 of the Code (but determined without
regard to any rules under section 3401(a) of the Code that limit
the remuneration included in wages based on the nature or
location of the employment or the services performed) as modified
by including elective contributions under a cafeteria plan
described in section 125 of the Code, elective contributions to
any plan qualified under section 401(k), 408(k), or 403(b) of the
Code, and, effective January 1, 2001, elective contributions
under a plan described in section 132(f) of the Code.  Except for
purposes of Part B of Article V of the Plan, Annual Compensation
in excess of $150,000.00 or, effective for any Plan Year
beginning after December 31, 2001, $200,000.00 (each as adjusted
by the Secretary of Treasury) shall be disregarded.  If the Plan
Year is ever less than 12 months the $150,000.00 or $200,000.00,
as applicable, limitation (as adjusted by the Secretary of
Treasury) will be prorated by multiplying the limitation by a
fraction, the numerator of which is the number of months in the
Plan Year, and the denominator of which is 12.  For purposes of
determining an Employee's Actual Contribution Ratio or Actual
Deferral Ratio, Annual Compensation shall include only
compensation earned during the portion of the Plan Year that the
Employee was eligible to participate in the Plan.

     Effective for Plan Years and Limitation Years beginning on
and after January 1, 2002, for purposes of this Section, amounts
under Section 125 include any amounts not available to a
participant in cash in lieu of group health coverage because the
participant is unable to certify that he or she has other health
coverage.  However, an amount will be treated as an amount under
Section 125 only if the Employer does not request or collect
information regarding the participant's other health coverage as
part of the enrollment process for the health plan.

     1.11 "Annuity Starting Date"   means the first day of the first
period for which an amount is payable as an annuity, or in the
case of a benefit not payable in the form of an annuity, the
first day on which all events have occurred which entitle the
Member to the benefit.

     1.12 "Beneficiary"   or Beneficiaries means the person or
persons, or the trust or trusts created for the benefit of a
natural person or persons or the Member's or Former Member's
estate, designated by the Member or Former Member to receive the
benefits payable under this Plan upon his death.

     1.13 "Board of Directors"   means the board of directors, the
executive committee or other body given management responsibility
for the Sponsor.

     1.14 "Code"   means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
amended from time to time.

     1.15 "Committee"   means the committee appointed by the Sponsor
to administer the Plan.

     1.16 "Company Stock"   means EOG Resources, Inc. common stock.

     1.17 "Considered Compensation"   means as to each Employee, that
Employee's Annual Compensation as modified further by excluding
the following items (even if includable in gross income):
overtime, bonuses, commissions, reimbursements or other expense
allowances, fringe benefits (cash and noncash), moving expenses,
deferred compensation and welfare benefits.  Considered
Compensation in excess of $150,000.00 or, effective for any Plan
Year beginning after December 31, 2001, $200,000.00 (each as
adjusted by the Secretary of Treasury) shall be disregarded.  If
the Plan Year is ever less than 12 months the $150,000.00 or
$200,000.00, as applicable, limitation (as adjusted by the
Secretary of Treasury) will be prorated by multiplying the
limitation by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of
months in the Plan Year, and the denominator of which is 12.

     1.18 "Contribution"   means the total amount of contributions
made under the terms of this Plan.  Each specific type of
Contribution shall be designated by the type of contribution made
as follows:

          (a)  Employee After Tax Contribution - After tax contributions
     made by the Employee.

          (b)  Salary Deferral Contribution - Contributions made by the
     Employer under the Employee's salary deferral agreement.

          (c)  Employer Matching Contribution - Matching contributions made
     by the Employer.

          (d)  Employer Discretionary Contribution - Contributions made by
     the Employer on a discretionary basis.

          (e)  Qualified Nonelective Employer Contribution - Qualified
     Nonelective Employer Contributions made by the Employer as a
     means of passing the actual deferral percentage test of section
     401(k) of the Code or the actual contribution percentage test of
     section 401(m) of the Code.

          (f)  Rollover Contribution - Contributions made by a Member which
     consist of any part of an Eligible Rollover Distribution (as
     defined in section 402 of the Code) from a qualified employee
     trust described in section 401(a) of the Code or an IRA Rollover
     Account.

     1.19 "Contribution Percentage"   means for a specified group of
Employees for a Plan Year the average of the ratios (calculated
separately for each Employee in the group) of the sum of
Section 401(m) Contributions actually paid into the Trust on
behalf of each Employee for that Plan Year to the Employee's
Annual Compensation earned while the Employee was a Member for
that Plan Year.

     1.20 "Determination Date"   means for a given Plan Year the last
day of the preceding Plan Year or in the case of the first Plan
Year the last day of that Plan Year.

     1.21 "Direct Rollover"   means a payment by the Plan to the
Eligible Retirement Plan specified by the Distributee.

     1.22 "Disability"   means any medically determinable physical or
mental impairment that is deemed to be a disability by the Social
Security Administration Department for purpose of receiving a
primary Social Security Disability benefit, or any such physical
or mental impairment which is determined to make the individual
eligible to receive a disability benefit in accordance with the
provisions of the Employer's insured long term disability plan,
if applicable to such Employee, by the insurance carrier
underwriting such plan.

     1.23 "Distributee"   means an Employee or former Employee, and
in addition, the Employee's or former Employee's surviving spouse
or the Employee's or former Employee's spouse or former spouse
who is the alternate payee under a qualified domestic relations
order, as defined in section 414(p) of the Code, with regard to
the interest of the spouse or former spouse.

     1.24 "Eligible Retirement Plan"   means (1) an individual
retirement account described in section 408(a) of the Code, (2)
an individual retirement annuity described in section 408(b) of
the Code (other than an endowment contract), (3) an annuity plan
described in section 403(a) of the Code, (4) a qualified plan
described in section 401(a) of the Code that is a defined
contribution plan that accepts the Distributee's Eligible
Rollover Distribution, (5) effective for a distribution on or
after January 1, 2002, an eligible deferred compensation plan
described in section 457(b) of the Code that is maintained by an
eligible employer described in section 457(e)(1)(A) of the Code
but only if the plan agrees to separately account for amounts
rolled into such plan, or (6) effective for a distribution on or
after January 1, 2002, an annuity contract described in section
403(b) of the Code.  However, in the case of an Eligible Rollover
Distribution made prior to January 1, 2002, and after the death
of a Member to a Distributee who is the Member's surviving
Spouse, an Eligible Retirement Plan is an individual retirement
account or individual retirement annuity.

     1.25 "Eligible Rollover Distribution"   as defined in
section 402 of the Code means any distribution of all or any
portion of the balance to the credit of the Distributee, except
that an Eligible Rollover Distribution does not include:  (a) any
distribution that is one of a series of substantially equal
periodic payments (not less frequently than annually) made for
the life (or life expectancy) of the Distributee or the joint
lives (or joint life expectancies) of the Distributee and the
Distributee's Beneficiary, or for a specified period of ten years
or more; (b) any distribution to the extent the distribution is
required under section 401(a)(9) of the Code; (c) the portion of
any distribution that is not includible in gross income, unless,
for a distribution made on or after January 1, 2002, the Eligible
Retirement Plan to which the distribution is transferred (i)
agrees to separately account for amounts so transferred,
including separately accounting for the portion of such
distribution which is includible in gross income and the portion
of the distribution which is not includible in gross income or
(ii) is an individual retirement account described in section
408(a) of the Code or an individual retirement annuity described
in section 408(b) of the Code (other than endowment contract);
(d) effective for distributions after December 31, 1998 but prior
to January 1, 2002, any financial hardship distribution described
in section 401(k)(2)(B)(i)(IV) of the Code; and (e) effective for
distributions after December 31, 2001, any distribution which is
made upon hardship of the Employee.

     If the Plan accepts a Rollover Contribution which the
Trustee reasonably concludes is qualified under this Section of
the Plan, and subsequently it is determined that such
distribution was not qualified, the Trustee shall distribute the
amount of such rollover distribution, plus earnings thereon, to
the Member in compliance with applicable Regulations.

     1.26 "Employee"   means all common law employees of each
Employer exclusive of the following classifications:
(a) employees working outside of the United States unless the
Committee elects to cover or continue to cover them in this Plan
and (b) all Leased Employees who are required to be treated as
common law employees under section 414(n) of the Code unless the
Plan's qualified status is dependent upon coverage of the Leased
Employees.  Independent contractors are not common law employees
and are therefore not within the defined term Employee as used in
this Plan.  The determination of whether a person is within an
excluded class or is an independent contractor shall be made by
the Committee in its sole discretion as granted in Article X.
However, if either one or more individuals who are classified as
Leased Employees or independent contractors are later determined
to be in fact common law employees of an Employer, they are
nevertheless to be excluded as a classification unless the Plan's
qualified status is dependent upon the coverage of that
classification of persons.

     1.27 "Employer" or "Employers"   means the Sponsor and any other
business organization which has adopted this Plan.

     1.28 "ERISA"   means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act
of 1974, as amended from time to time.

     1.29 "Excess 401(k) Contributions"   means, with respect to any
Plan Year, the excess of (a) the aggregate amount of
Section 401(k) Contributions actually paid into the Trust on
behalf of Highly Compensated Employees for the Plan Year over
(b) the maximum amount of those contributions permitted under the
limitations set out in the first sentence of Section 4.13 of the
Plan.

     1.30 "Excess Aggregate 401(m) Contributions"   means, with
respect to any Plan Year, the excess of (a) the aggregate amount
of Section 401(m) Contributions actually paid into the Trust on
behalf of Highly Compensated Employees for the Plan Year over
(b) the maximum amount of those contributions permitted under the
limitations set out in the first sentence of Section 4.14 of the
Plan.

     1.31 "Excess Deferral"   means that part, if any, of the Salary
Deferral Contribution of a Member for his taxable year which,
when added to the amounts he deferred under other plans or
arrangements described in sections 401(k), 408(k) and 403(b) of
the Code, exceeds the deferral dollar limitation permitted by
section 402(g) of the Code.

     1.32 "Five Percent Owner"   means an Employee who is a 5-percent
owner as defined in section 416(i) of the Code.

     1.33 "Former Member"   means a person who was at one time a
Member who received allocations of Contributions and who is no
longer a Member under the Plan, but still has an Account balance
in the Plan.

     1.34 "Highly Compensated Employee"   means, effective January 1,
1997, an Employee or an employee of an Affiliated Employer who:
(a) during the Plan Year or the preceding Plan Year was at any
time a Five Percent Owner or (b) for the preceding year had
Annual Compensation in excess of $80,000.00 (as adjusted from
time to time by the Secretary of the Treasury) and was in the
group consisting of the top 20 percent of the Employees when
ranked on the basis of Annual Compensation paid during the
preceding year.  A former Member will be treated as a Highly
Compensated Employee if he was a Highly Compensated Employee when
he Severed Service or he was a Highly Compensated Employee at any
time after attaining age 55.  Non-resident aliens who receive no
earned income from the employer which constitutes income from
sources within the United States are excluded.

     1.35 "Hour of Service"   means each hour for which an Employee
is paid or entitled to payment for the performance of duties with
an Affiliated Employer.

     1.36 "Key Employee"   means, prior to January 1, 2002, an
Employee or former or deceased Employee or Beneficiary of an
Employee who at any time during the Plan Year or any of the four
preceding Plan Years is (a) an officer of any Affiliated Employer
having Annual Compensation greater than 50 percent of the annual
addition limitation of section 415(b)(1)(A) of the Code for the
Plan Year, (b) one of the ten employees having Annual
Compensation from an Employer or any Affiliated Employer of
greater than 100 percent of the annual addition limitation of
section 415(c)(1)(A) of the Code for the Plan Year and owning or
considered as owning (within the meaning of section 318 of the
Code) the largest interest in any Affiliated Employer, treated
separately, (c) a Five Percent Owner of any Affiliated Employer,
treated separately, or (d) a one percent owner of any Affiliated
Employer, treated separately, having Annual Compensation from any
Affiliated Employer of more than $150,000.00.  For this purpose
no more than 50 employees or, if fewer, the greater of three
employees or ten percent of the employees shall be treated as
officers.  Section 416(i) of the Code shall be used to determine
percentage of ownership.  For the purpose of the test set out in
(b) above, if two or more employees have the same interest in an
Employer, the employee with the greater Annual Compensation from
the Affiliated Employer shall be treated as having the larger
interest.

     "Key Employee" means, effective January 1, 2002, an Employee
or former or deceased Employee who at any time during the Plan
Year that includes the determination date was an officer of any
Affiliated Employer having Annual Compensation greater than
$130,000 (as adjusted under section 416(i)(1) of the Code for
Plan Years beginning after December 31, 2002), a Five-Percent
Owner of any Affiliated Employer, or a one-percent owner of any
Affiliated Employer having Annual Compensation of more than
$150,000.  The determination of who is a Key Employee will be
made in accordance with section 416(i)(1) of the Code and the
applicable regulations and other guidance of general
applicability issued thereunder.

     1.37 "Leased Employee"   means, effective January 1, 1997, any
person who (a) is not a common law employee of an Affiliated
Employer, (b) pursuant to an agreement between an Affiliated
Employer and any other person, has performed services for an
Affiliated Employer (or for an Affiliated Employer and related
persons determined in accordance with section 414(n)(6) of the
Code) on a substantially full-time basis for a period of at least
one year and (c) performs the services under primary direction
and control of the recipient.

     1.38 "Limitation Year"   means the year used for purposes of
applying the limitations under section 415 of the Code.  The
Limitation Year shall be the Plan Year unless the Employer
affirmatively, by resolution, designates another limitation year.

     1.39 "Member"   means the person or persons employed by an
Employer who are eligible to participate in this Plan.

     1.40 "Non-Highly Compensated Employee"   means any Employee who
is not a Highly Compensated Employee.

     1.41 "Non-Key Employee"   means any Employee who is not a Key
Employee.

     1.42 "Period of Service"   means a period of employment with an
Affiliated Employer which commences on the day on which an
Employee performs his initial Hour of Service or performs his
initial Hour of Service upon returning to the employ of an
Affiliated Employer, whichever is applicable, and ends on the
date the Employee Severs Service.

     1.43 "Period of Severance"   means the period of time which
commences on the date an Employee Severs Service and ends on the
date the Employee again performs an Hour of Service.

     1.44 "Plan"   means the EOG Resources, Inc. Savings Plan,
including all subsequent amendments.

     1.45 "Plan Year"   means the calendar year.  The Plan Year shall
be the fiscal year of this Plan.

     1.46 "Qualified Joint and Survivor Annuity"   means an annuity
which is purchased with the Member's vested Account balance as of
the date of distribution that will provide equal monthly payments
for the life of the Member, with a survivor annuity for the life
of the Member's spouse equal to 50% of the amount of the monthly
payments payable during the joint lives of the Member and the
Member's spouse.

     1.47 "Qualified Nonelective Employer Contribution"   means the
Employer's Contribution, if any, made as a means of passing the
Actual Deferral Percentage test or the Contribution Percentage
test.

     1.48 "Qualified Preretirement Survivor Annuity"   means an
annuity which is purchased with the Member's vested Account
balance as of the date of distribution that will provide equal
monthly payments for the life of the surviving spouse.

     1.49 "Regulation"   means the Internal Revenue Service
regulation specified, as it may be changed from time to time.

     1.50 "Retirement Age"   means 65 years of age, but may mean 55
years of age, the earliest date at which a Member may retire, if
the Member has completed five years of Service and desires
voluntarily to retire early.  Once a Member has attained his
Retirement Age he shall be 100% vested at all times.

     1.51 "Rollover Contribution"   means the amount contributed by a
Member to his Account in this Plan which consists of any part or
all of an Eligible Rollover Distribution; provided, however, that
effective January 1, 2002, the Plan will not accept a Member
rollover contribution of after-tax employee contributions from a
qualified plan described in section 401(a) of the Code, or any
portion of a distribution from a qualified plan described in
section 403(a) of the Code, an annuity contract described in
section 403(b) of the Code, an eligible plan under section 457(b)
of the Code which is maintained by a state, political subdivision
of a state, or any agency or instrumentality of a state or
political subdivision of a state or an individual retirement
account or annuity described in section 408(a) or 408(b) of the
Code that is eligible to be rolled over.

     1.52 "Section 401(k) Contributions"   means the sum of Salary
Deferral Contributions made on behalf of the Member during the
Plan Year and Qualified Nonelective Employer Contributions that
the Employer elects to have treated as Section 401(k)
Contributions pursuant to section 401(k)(3)(D)(ii) of the Code to
the extent that those contributions are not used to enable the
Plan to satisfy the minimum contribution requirements of
section 416 of the Code.

     1.53 "Section 401(m) Contributions"   means the sum of Employer
Matching Contributions and Employee After Tax Contributions made
on behalf of the Member during the Plan Year and Qualified
Nonelective Employer Contributions that the Employer elects to
have treated as Section 401(m) Contributions pursuant to
section 401(m)(3)(B) of the Code to the extent that those
contributions are not used to enable the Plan to satisfy the
minimum contribution requirements of section 416 of the Code.

     1.54 "Service"   means the period or periods that a person is
paid or is entitled to payment for performance of duties with an
Affiliated Employer.

     1.55 "Severs Service"   means the earlier of the following
events:  (a) the Employee's quitting, retiring, dying or being
discharged, (b) the completion of a period of 365 continuous days
in which the Employee remains absent from Service (with or
without pay) for any reason other than quitting, retiring, dying
or being discharged, such as vacation, holiday, sickness,
disability, leave of absence, layoff or any other absence or
(c) the second anniversary of the commencement of a continuous
period of absence occasioned by the reason of the pregnancy of
the Employee, the birth of a child of the Employee, the placement
of a child with the Employee in connection with the adoption of
the child by the Employee or the caring for the child for a
period commencing immediately after the child's birth or
placement.

     1.56 "Sponsor"   means EOG Resources, Inc. or any other
organization which assumes the primary responsibility for
maintaining this Plan with the consent of the last preceding
Sponsor.

     1.57 "Top-Heavy Plan"   means any plan which has been determined
to be top-heavy under the test described in Article IX of this
Plan.

     1.58 "Transferred"   means an Employee's termination of
employment with one Employer and his contemporaneous commencement
of employment with another Employer.

     1.59 "Trust"   means the one or more trust estates created to
fund this Plan.

     1.60 "Trustee"   means collectively one or more persons or
entities with trust powers which have been appointed by the
initial Sponsor and have accepted the duties of Trustee and any
and all successor or successors appointed by the Sponsor or
successor Sponsor.

     1.61 "Trust Fund"   means all of the trust estates established
under the terms of this Plan to fund this Plan, whether held to
fund a particular group of Accounts or held to fund all of the
Accounts of Members, collectively.

     1.62 "USERRA"   means the Uniformed Services Employment And
Reemployment Rights Act of 1994 which was enacted on October 13,
1994 as Public Law 103-353 and which amended Chapter 43 of Title
38 of the United States Code.

     1.63 "Valuation Date"   means the day or days each Plan Year
selected by the Committee on which the Trust Fund is to be valued
which cannot be less frequent than annual.  One or more Accounts
may have different Valuation Dates from other Accounts.  The
Valuation Date must be announced to all Members and Former
Members who have Account Balances and shall remain the same until
changed by the Committee and announced to the Members.  Until
changed by the Committee, the Valuation Date shall be daily.

                            ARTICLE II

                          ACTIVE SERVICE

     2.1  When Active Service Begins.  For purposes of eligibility and
vesting, Active Service begins when an Employee first performs an
Hour of Service for an Affiliated Employer or an employer the
stock or assets of which were or are acquired by an Employer or
Affiliated Employer without regard to whether a predecessor plan
was maintained.  Once an Employee has begun Active Service for
purposes of eligibility or vesting and Severs Service he shall
recommence Active Service for those purposes when he again
performs an Hour of Service for an Affiliated Employer.  For
purposes of the Plan, Active Service shall include service
performed with Enron Corp. or one of its subsidiaries if the
Employee was employed by the Employer on August 16, 1999.

     2.2  Aggregation of Service.  When determining an Employee's
Active Service, all Periods of Service, whether or not completed
consecutively, shall be aggregated on a per day basis.  Thirty
days shall be counted as one month and 12 months shall be counted
as one year.  For purposes of eligibility and vesting, only full
years of Active Service shall be counted, any fractional year
shall be dropped.

     2.3  Eligibility Computation Periods.  For the purpose of
determining eligibility and vesting, the initial period shall
begin on the day the Employee first performs an Hour of Service
and each future year shall begin on the anniversary of that date.

     2.4  Periods of Service of Less Than One Year.  If an Employee
performs an Hour of Service within 12 months after he Severs
Service, the intervening Period of Severance shall be counted as
a Period of Service.

     2.5  Service Prior to Severance.  If an Employee incurs a Period
of Severance of one year or more, all Periods of Service prior to
that Period of Severance shall not count as Active Service until
the Employee has completed a Period of Service of one year or
more after his return to Service.  If an Employee Severs Service
at a time when he does not have any vested right to amounts
credited to his Employer Matching Contribution Account or
Employer Discretionary Contribution Account and the Period of
Severance continues for a continuous period of five years or
more, the Period of Service completed by the Employee before the
Period of Severance shall not be taken into account if his Period
of Severance equals or exceeds his Period of Service, whether or
not consecutive, completed before the Period of Severance.

     2.6  Periods of Severance Due to Child Birth or Adoption.  If the
period of time between the first anniversary of the first day of
an absence from Service by reason of the pregnancy of the
Employee, the birth of a child of the Employee, the placement of
a child with the Employee in connection with the adoption of the
child by the Employee or for purposes for caring for the child
for a period beginning immediately after the birth or placement
and the second anniversary of the first day of the absence occurs
during or after the first Plan Year beginning after December 31,
1984, it shall neither be counted as a Period of Service nor of
Severance.

     2.7  Transfers.  If an Employee is Transferred from one Employer
to another, his Active Service shall not be interrupted and he
shall continue to be in Active Service for purposes of
eligibility, vesting and allocation of Contributions and/or
forfeitures.  If an Employee is transferred to the service of an
Affiliated Employer that has not adopted the Plan he shall not
have Severed Service; however, even though he shall continue to
be in Active Service for eligibility and vesting purposes he
shall not receive any allocation of Contributions or forfeitures.

     2.8  Employment Records Conclusive.  The employment records of
the Employer shall be conclusive for all determinations of Active
Service.

     2.9  Coverage of Certain Previously Excluded Employees.  Any
Employee who is no longer excludable because he or she is no
longer included in a unit of Employees covered by a collective
bargaining agreement between the Employees' representative and
the Employer where retirement benefits were the subject of good
faith bargaining shall immediately become eligible for membership
if he meets the eligibility requirements.  All his Service with
any Affiliated Employer that would have been counted had he not
been previously excluded shall now be counted as Active Service
for eligibility and vesting purposes.

     2.10 Military Service.  A Member who leaves the employ of an
Employer to enter the armed services of the United States and is
covered by USERRA shall not be deemed to have broken his
continuous employment if he is reemployed under USERRA.  And, the
Member shall be awarded Active Service upon reemployment for each
period served by him in the uniformed services for eligibility,
vesting and benefit accrual purposes.

                          ARTICLE III

                       ELIGIBILITY RULES

     3.1  Eligibility Requirements.  Each Employee shall be eligible
to participate in this Plan beginning on the date on which the
Employee completes one Hour of Service.  However, all Employees
who are included in a unit of Employees covered by a collective
bargaining agreement between the Employees' representative and
the Employer shall be excluded, even if they have met the
requirements for eligibility, if there has been good faith
bargaining between the Employer and the Employees' representative
pertaining to retirement benefits and the agreement does not
require the Employer to include those Employees in this Plan.  In
addition, all Employees who are nonresident aliens and who
receive no earned income from the Employer that constitutes
income from sources within the United States shall be excluded.
Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan to the contrary,
effective as of March 1, 2001, each Employee classified by the
Employer as a Minimal Benefits Employee shall be excluded from
being eligible to receive allocations of Employer Matching
Contributions and Employer Discretionary Contributions under the
Plan even if such Employee has satisfied the requirements for
eligibility to receive an allocation of the Employer Matching
Contributions and Employer Discretionary Contributions and is
having Salary Deferral Contributions made on his behalf by the
Employer. Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan to the
contrary, effective as of March 1, 2001, each Employee classified
by the Employer as a Minimal Benefits Employee shall be excluded
from being eligible to receive allocations of Employer Matching
Contributions and Employer Discretionary Contributions under the
Plan even if such Employee has satisfied the requirements for
eligibility to receive an allocation of the Employer Matching
Contributions and Employer Discretionary Contributions and is
having Salary Deferral Contributions made on his behalf by the
Employer.

     3.2  Eligibility Upon Reemployment.  If an Employee Severs
Service with the Employer for any reason after fulfilling the
eligibility requirements but prior to the date he initially
begins participating in the Plan, the Employee shall be eligible
to begin participation in this Plan on the day he first completes
an Hour of Service upon his return to employment with an
Employer.  Once an Employee has become eligible to be a Member,
his eligibility shall continue until he Severs Service.  A former
Member shall be eligible to recommence participation in this Plan
on the first day he completes an Hour of Service upon his return
to employment with an Employer.

     3.3  Frozen Participation.  An employee employed by an Affiliated
Employer, which has not adopted this Plan, cannot actively
participate in this Plan even though he accrues Active Service.
Likewise, if an Employee:  (a) is transferred from an Employer to
an Affiliated Employer which has not adopted this Plan, (b) is a
Member of this Plan when he is excluded from this Plan because he
becomes excluded under the provisions of a collective bargaining
agreement or because he becomes a Leased Employee or an
independent contractor and he has not had a complete termination
of his contractual relationship with all Affiliated Employers, or
(c) is a Member of the Plan when he is employed outside the
United States and is not designated by the Committee to continue
to be eligible to participate, his participation becomes
inactive.  Under these circumstances, the Member's Account
becomes frozen:  he cannot contribute to the Plan nor can he
share in the allocation of any Employer Contribution or
forfeitures for the frozen period.  However, his Accounts shall
continue to share in any appreciation or depreciation of the
Trust Fund and in any income earned or losses incurred by the
Trust Fund during the frozen period of time.  Once the contract
or contracts of an independent contractor, who has a frozen
Account, have expired with all Affiliated Employers in a good-
faith and complete termination of the contractual relationship
and no renewal is expected or once an employee who has a frozen
Account terminates his employment with all Affiliated Employers,
he shall have Severed Service for purposes of distribution of
benefits.

                           ARTICLE IV

             CONTRIBUTIONS AND THEIR LIMITATIONS

PART A.   CONTRIBUTIONS

     4.1  Employee After Tax Contributions.  The Committee may permit
Employee After Tax Contributions to be made by Members from time
to time.  If the Committee permits Contributions by Members, the
opportunity must be made available to all Members on a
nondiscriminatory basis.  If the Committee decides to stop all
Contributions by Members, the Contributions to the effective date
of the announcement shall be retained in the Trust Fund subject
to the right of withdrawal described under this Plan.

     Employee After Tax Contributions are limited to an amount
which, when added to the other amounts required to be taken into
consideration, will not exceed the limit set by section 415 of
the Code and will meet the Contribution Percentage test described
in section 401(m) of the Code.

     Changes in the rate of Employee After Tax Contributions and
suspension of those Contributions shall be permitted under any
uniform method determined from time to time by the Committee.

     4.2  Rollover Contributions and Direct Transfers.  The Committee
may permit Rollover Contributions by Members and/or direct
transfers to or from another qualified plan on behalf of Members
from time to time.  If Rollover Contributions and/or direct
transfers to or from another qualified plan are permitted, the
opportunity to make those Contributions must be made available to
all Members on a nondiscriminatory basis.  For this purpose, all
Employees of an Employer who are in a classification which may
participate in this Plan shall be considered to be Members of the
Plan even though they may not have met the eligibility
requirements.  However, they shall not be entitled to elect to
have Salary Deferral Contributions or Employee After Tax
Contributions or share in any Employer Contribution unless and
until they have met the requirements for eligibility and
allocation.

     A Rollover Contribution shall not be accepted unless it is
directly rolled over to this Plan in a roll over described in
section 401(a)(31) of the Code and the property is acceptable to
the Trustee.  A direct transfer of assets from another qualified
plan in a transfer subject to the requirements of section 414(l)
of the Code shall not be accepted if it was at any time part of
the plan which contained a right, feature or benefit not
contained in this Plan unless the Committee, in its sole
discretion, agrees to continue to provide that right, feature or
benefit to that portion of the Member's Account.

     Rollover Contributions shall have no effect upon the amount
permitted to be allocated to a Member's Account under section 415
of the Code, or the amount contributed to the Plan by a Member
under Section 4.1.

     4.3  Salary Deferral Contributions.

          (a)  Generally.  Each Employer shall contribute for each Plan
     Year the amount by which the Member's Considered Compensation is
     reduced as a result of a salary deferral agreement, from one
     percent (1%) to fifteen percent (15%) of the Member's Considered
     Compensation for the Plan Year, less the amount of the Member's
     Employee After Tax Contribution, if any.

          The election to have Salary Deferral Contributions
     made, the ability to change the rate of Salary Deferral
     Contributions, the right to suspend Salary Deferral
     Contributions, and the manner of commencing new Salary
     Deferral Contributions shall be permitted under any uniform
     method determined from time to time by the Committee.

          (b)  Catch-Up Contributions.  Effective January 1, 2002, all
     Employees who are eligible to make Salary Deferral Contributions
     under this Plan and who have attained age 50 before the close of
     the Plan Year shall be eligible to make catch-up contributions in
     accordance with, and subject to the limitations of,
     section 414(v) of the Code.  Such catch-up contributions shall
     not be taken into account for purposes of the provisions of the
     Plan implementing the required limitations of sections 402(g) and
     415 of the Code.  In addition, the Plan shall not be treated as
     failing to satisfy the provisions of the Plan implementing the
     requirements of section 401(k)(3), 401(k)(11), 401(k)(12),
     410(b), or 416 of the Code, as applicable, by reason of the
     making of such catch-up contributions.

     4.4  Employer Matching Contributions.  Effective for the period
beginning on August 31, 1999 and ending on December 31, 1999,
each Employer shall contribute for each Plan Year an amount, for
each Member who is employed by one of the Employers at the end of
the month, which is equal to fifty percent (50%) of the Member's
Salary Deferral Contribution not in excess of four percent (4%)
of the Member's Considered Compensation.  Effective January 1,
2000, each Employer shall contribute for each Plan Year an
amount, for each Member who is employed by one of the Employers
at the end of the month, which is equal to one hundred percent
(100%) of the Member's Salary Deferral Contribution not in excess
of six percent (6%) of the Member's Considered Compensation.  The
Employer will not make any Employer Matching Contributions under
the Plan in the form of Company Stock.  A Member, regardless of
his age, may make a diversification election at any time to
exercise investment discretion with respect to the amounts in his
Employer Matching Contribution Account that are invested in
Company Stock.

     An Employer Matching Contribution shall not be made with
respect to amounts that must be distributed to the Member because
of Code sections 401(k), 401(m) or 402(g).  Therefore, if
inadvertent Employer Matching Contributions were made on behalf
of a Member on amounts that must be distributed to the Member,
that excess amount, plus any earnings, shall be refunded to the
Employer

     4.5  Employer Discretionary Contributions.  Each Employer shall
contribute for each Plan Year an amount, if any, which is
designated by the Board of Directors in its sole discretion to be
the Employer Discretionary Contribution for the Plan Year.

     4.6  Restoration Contributions.  Each Employer shall contribute
for each Plan Year an amount, which when added to previously
unapplied and unallocated forfeitures, shall equal the amounts
which were not vested and therefore forfeited by Members who have
previously terminated but who have now become entitled to have
their forfeited amounts restored plus an amount equal to the
value of all forfeited benefits for Members who formerly could
not be located, but have now filed a claim.

     4.7  Qualified Nonelective Employer Contribution.  Each Employer
concerned shall contribute for a given Plan Year an amount, if
any, which is designated by the Board of Directors to be the
Qualified Nonelective Employer Contribution for the Plan Year.

     A Member's right to benefits derived from Qualified
Nonelective Employer Contributions made to the Plan on his behalf
shall be nonforfeitable.  In no event will Qualified Nonelective
Employer Contributions be distributed before Salary Deferral
Contributions may be distributed.

     4.8  Top-Heavy Contribution.  Each Employer concerned shall
contribute for a given Plan Year an amount which is equal to the
amount, if any, necessary to fulfill the Top-Heavy Plan
requirements found in Article IX if the Plan is determined to be
a Top-Heavy Plan.


     4.9  Contributions Required on Return From Military Service.  If
a Member leaves the employ of an Employer to enter the armed
services of the United States and is covered by USERRA and is
reemployed under USERRA, the Employer shall make a contribution
equal to the amount of the Employer Discretionary Contributions
which would have been allocated to the Member's Account if he had
remained in the employ of the Employer for the period of time he
was covered by USERRA.  In addition, the Member may make
additional catch up Salary Deferral Contributions during a period
beginning on his date of reemployment and ending on the earlier
of (a) three times the period of his qualified military service
and (b) five years equal to the maximum amount he could have made
and the Employer must make the appropriate Employer Matching
Contributions.  The Employer shall not make any contribution for
lost earnings or failure to share in forfeitures.

     4.10 Deadline for Payment of Contributions.  The Employee After
Tax Contributions and the Salary Deferral Contributions are to be
paid to the Trustee in installments.  The installment for each
payroll period is to be paid as of the end of the payroll period
and shall be paid as soon as administratively feasible but in any
event not later than the time prescribed by law for filing the
Employer's federal income tax return (including extensions) for
its taxable year which ends with or next follows the end of the
Plan Year for which the Contribution is to be made.  The
Employer's Contribution for a Plan Year must be paid into the
Trust Fund in one or more installments not later than the time
prescribed by law for filing the Employer's federal income tax
return (including extensions) for its taxable year for which it
is to take the deduction.  If the Contribution is paid after the
last day of the Employer's taxable year but prior to the date it
files its tax return (including extensions), it shall be treated
as being received by the Trustee on the last day of the taxable
year if (a) the Employer notifies the Trustee in writing that the
payment is being made for that taxable year or (b) the Employer
claims the Contribution as a deduction on its federal income tax
return for the taxable year.

PART B.   LIMITATIONS APPLICABLE TO CONTRIBUTIONS

     4.11 Limitations Based Upon Deductibility and the Maximum
Allocation Permitted to a Member's Account.  Notwithstanding any
other provision of this Plan, no Employer shall make any
contribution that would be a nondeductible contribution within
the meaning of section 4972 of the Code or that would cause the
limitation on allocations to each Member's Account within the
meaning of section 415 of the Code to be exceeded.  For a further
description of the limitation on allocations and the corrections
permitted, see Part B of Article V.

     4.12 Dollar Limitation on Salary Deferral Contributions.  The
maximum Salary Deferral Contribution that a Member may elect to
have made on his behalf during the Member's taxable year may not,
when added to the amounts deferred under other plans or
arrangements described in sections 401(k), 408(k) and 403(b) of
the Code exceed the limitation contained in section 402(g) of the
Code in effect for such taxable year, except to the extent
permitted under Section 4.3(b) of the Plan and section 414(v) of
the Code, if applicable.

     For purposes of applying the requirements of Section 4.13
and Article IX, Excess Deferrals shall not be disregarded merely
because they are Excess Deferrals or because they are distributed
in accordance with this Section.  However, Excess Deferrals made
to the Plan on behalf of Non-Highly Compensated Employees are not
to be taken into account under Section 4.13.

     If the Member makes elective deferrals, as defined in
Regulations issued pursuant to section 402(g) of the Code, to
more than one plan, which exceed the limit described above in the
aggregate, such Member may elect a distribution of a part or all
of such excess amount what has been contributed to the Plan.  An
election to receive a distribution of such Excess Deferrals must
be in writing and must include the Employee's certification that
the specified amount is an Excess Deferral.  Such election must
be made not later than the first March 15th following the close
of the Plan Year in which such Excess Deferrals occurred.  Upon
such election, the excess amount specified by the Member shall be
distributed to the Member not later than the first April 15th
following the close of the Plan Year in which such Excess
Deferrals occurred.  The amount of such excess to be distributed
shall be reduced by the amount of any excess contributions
previously distributed for the Plan Year beginning within the
taxable year for which the excess under this Section is
distributed.

     In the event Employer Matching Contributions that have been
made on behalf of the Member that relate to the Excess Deferrals
distributed pursuant to the previous paragraph become
discriminatory due to the above distribution, the Employer may
distribute such excess contributions to the Member if such
contributions meet the definition of Excess Aggregate 401(m)
Contributions under the Plan.  If the Employer Matching
Contributions cannot be distributed as Excess Aggregate 401(m)
Contributions, the excess contributions shall be forfeited in
accordance with applicable sections of the Code and Regulations.

     4.13 Limitation Based Upon Actual Deferral Percentage.  The
Actual Deferral Percentage for eligible Highly Compensated
Employees for any Plan Year must bear a relationship to the
Actual Deferral Percentage for all other eligible Employees for
the preceding Plan Year which meets either of the following
tests:

          (a)  the Actual Deferral Percentage of the eligible Highly
     Compensated Employees is not more than the Actual Deferral
     Percentage of all other eligible Employees multiplied by 1.25; or

          (b)  the excess of the Actual Deferral Percentage of the eligible
     Highly Compensated Employees over that of all other eligible
     Employees is not more than two percentage points, and the Actual
     Deferral Percentage of the eligible Highly Compensated Employees
     is not more than the Actual Deferral Percentage of all other
     eligible Employees multiplied by two.

     For the initial Plan Year of this Plan and for the initial
Plan Year of any Employer which adopts this Plan as its separate
plan, the amount taken into account as the Actual Deferral
Percentage of Non-highly Compensated Employees for the preceding
Plan Year shall be (a) three percent or (b) if the Employer makes
an election under this subclause (b), the Actual Deferral
Percentage of Non-highly Compensated Employees for the first Plan
year.

     For purposes of this test an eligible Employee is an
Employee who is directly or indirectly eligible to make Salary
Deferral Contributions for all or part of the Plan Year.  A
person who is suspended from making Salary Deferral Contributions
because he has made a withdrawal is an eligible Employee.  If no
Salary Deferral Contributions are made for an eligible Employee,
the Actual Deferral Ratio that shall be included for him in
determining the Actual Deferral Percentage is zero.

     If this Plan and any other plan or plans which include cash
or deferred arrangements are considered as one plan for purposes
of section 401(a)(4) or 410(b) of the Code, the cash or deferred
arrangements included in this Plan and the other plans shall be
treated as one plan for these tests.  If any Highly Compensated
Employee is a Member of this Plan and any other cash or deferred
arrangements of the Employer, when determining the deferral
percentage of the Employee, all of the cash or deferred
arrangements are treated as one.  If the Employer elects to apply
section 410(b)(4)(B) of the Code in determining whether the Plan
meets the requirements of section 401(k)(3)(A)(i) of the Code,
the Employer may, in determining whether the arrangement meets
the requirements of section 401(k)(3)(A)(ii), exclude from
consideration all eligible Employees (other than Highly
Compensated Employees) who are not 21 years of age or have not
completed one year of Active Service by the end of the Plan Year.

     The Actual Deferral Percentages are to be calculated and the
provisions of this Section are to be applied, separately, for
each Employer which constitutes a separate controlled group or
affiliated service group.

     A Salary Deferral Contribution will be taken into account
under the Actual Deferral Percentage test of Code section 401(k)
and this Section for a Plan Year only if it relates to Annual
Compensation that either would have been received by the Employee
in the Plan Year (but for the deferral election) or is
attributable to services performed by the employee in the Plan
Year and would have been received by the Employee within 2-1/2
months after the close of the Plan Year (but for the deferral
election).  In addition, a Section 401(k) Contribution will be
taken into account under the Actual Deferral Percentage test of
Code section 401(k) and this Section for a Plan Year only if it
is allocated to an Employee as of a date within that Plan Year.
For this purpose of a Section 401(k) Contribution is considered
allocated as of a date within a Plan Year if the allocation is
not contingent on participation or performance of services after
that date and the Section 401(k) Contribution is actually paid to
the Trust no later than 12 months after the Plan Year to which
the Section 401(k) Contribution relates.

     Failure to correct Excess 401(k) Contributions by the close
of the Plan Year following the Plan Year for which they were made
will cause the Plan's cash or deferred arrangement to be
disqualified for the Plan Year for which the Excess 401(k)
Contributions were made and for all subsequent years during which
they remain in the Trust.  Also, the Employer will be liable for
a 10% excise tax on the amount of Excess 401(k) Contributions
unless they are corrected within 2-1/2 months after the close of
the Plan Year for which they were made.

     In the event Employer Matching Contributions that have been
made on behalf of the Member that relate to the Excess 401(k)
Contributions distributed in accordance with Plan provisions
become discriminatory as a result of such distribution, the
Employer may distribute such excess contributions to the Member
if such contributions meet the definition of Excess Aggregate
401(m) Contributions under the Plan.  If the Employer Matching
Contributions cannot be distributed as Excess Aggregate 401(m)
Contributions, the excess contributions shall be forfeited in
accordance with applicable sections of the Code and Regulations.

     4.14 Limitation Based Upon Contribution Percentage.  The
Contribution Percentage for eligible Highly Compensated Employees
for any Plan Year must not exceed the greater of the following:

          (a)  the Contribution Percentage for all other eligible Employees
     for the preceding Plan Year multiplied by 1.25; or

          (b)  the lesser of the Contribution Percentage for all other
     eligible Employees for the preceding Plan Year multiplied by two,
     or the Contribution Percentage for all other eligible Employees
     for the preceding Plan Year plus two percentage points.

     For the initial Plan Year of this Plan and for the initial
Plan Year of any Employer which adopts this Plan as its separate
plan, the amount taken into account as the Contribution
Percentage of Non-highly Compensated Employees for the preceding
Plan Year shall be (a) three percent or (b) if the Employer makes
an election under this subclause (b), the Contribution Percentage
of Non-highly Compensated Employees for the first Plan Year.

     For purposes of this test an eligible Employee is an
Employee who is directly or indirectly eligible to make Employee
After Tax Contributions or to receive an allocation of Employer
Matching Contributions under the Plan for all or part of the Plan
Year.  A person who is suspended from making Employee After Tax
Contributions because he has made a withdrawal, a person who
would be eligible to receive an allocation of Employer Matching
Contributions but for his election not to participate, and a
person who would be eligible to receive an allocation of Employer
Matching Contributions but for the limitation on his Annual
Additions imposed by section 415 of the Code, are all eligible
Employees.

     If no Section 401(m) Contributions are made on behalf of an
eligible Employee, the Actual Contribution Ratio that shall be
included for him in determining the Contribution Percentage is
zero.  If this Plan and any other plan or plans to which
Section 401(m) Contributions are made are considered as one plan
for purposes of section 401(a)(4) or 410(b) of the Code, this
Plan and those plans are to be treated as one.  The Actual
Contribution Ratio of a Highly Compensated Employee who is
eligible to participate in more than one plan of an Affiliated
Employer to which employee or matching contributions are made is
calculated by treating all the plans in which the Employee is
eligible to participate as one plan.  However, plans that are not
permitted to be aggregated under Regulation section 1.410(m)-
1(b)(3)(ii) are not aggregated for this purpose.

     A Matching Employer Contribution will be taken into account
under this Section for a Plan Year only if (a) it is allocated to
the Employee's Account as of a date within the Plan Year, (b) it
is paid to the Trust no later than the end of the 12 month period
beginning after the close of the Plan Year, and (c) it is made on
behalf of an Employee on account of his Salary Deferral
Contributions for the Plan Year.

     If the Employer elects to apply section 410(b)(4)(B) of the
Code in determining whether the Plan meets the requirements of
section 410(b) of the Code, the Employer may, in determining
whether the arrangement meets the requirements of
section 401(m)(2) of the Code exclude from consideration all
eligible Employees (other than Highly Compensated Employees) who
are not 21 years of age or have not completed one year of Active
Service by the end of the Plan Year.

     The Contribution Percentage shall be calculated and the
provisions of this Section applied, separately, for each Employer
which constitutes a separate controlled group or affiliated
service group.

     At the election of the Employer, a Member's Salary Deferral
Contributions, and Qualified Nonelective Employer Contributions
made on behalf of the Member during the Plan Year shall be
treated as Section 401(m) Contributions that are Employer
Matching Contributions provided that the conditions set forth in
Regulation section 1.401(m)-1(b)(5) are satisfied.  Salary
Deferral Contributions may not be treated as Employer Matching
Contributions for purposes of the Contribution Percentage test
unless the contributions, including those taken into account for
purposes of the test, satisfy the Actual Deferral Percentage test
set forth in Section 4.13.  Salary Deferral Contributions and
Qualified Nonelective Employer Contributions may not be taken
into account for purposes of the test to the extent that those
contributions are taken into account in determining whether any
other contributions satisfy the Actual Deferral Percentage test
set forth in Section 4.13.  Finally, Salary Deferral
Contributions and Qualified Nonelective Employer Contributions
may be taken into account for purposes of the test only if they
are allocated to the Employee's Account as of a date within the
Plan Year being tested within the meaning of Regulation
section 1.401(k)-1(b)(4).

     Failure to correct Excess Aggregate 401(m) Contributions by
the close of the Plan Year following the Plan Year for which they
were made will cause the Plan to fail to be qualified for the
Plan Year for which the Excess Aggregate 401(m) Contributions
were made and for all subsequent years during which they remain
in the Trust.  Also, the Employer will be liable for a 10% excise
tax on the amount of Excess Aggregate 401(m) Contributions unless
they are corrected within 2-1/2 months after the close of the Plan
Year for which they were made.

     4.15 Alternative Limitation Based Upon Actual Deferral Percentage
and Contribution Percentage. This Section shall apply only for
Plan Years beginning before January 1, 2002.  If the second
alternative permitted in Sections 4.13 and 4.14 is used for both
the Actual Deferral Percentage test and the Contribution
Percentage test the following additional limitation on Salary
Deferral Contributions shall apply.  The Actual Deferral
Percentage plus the Contribution Percentage of the eligible
Highly Compensated Employees cannot exceed the greater of (a) or
(b), where:

          (a)  is the sum of:

               (i)  1.25 times the greater of the Actual Deferral Percentage or
          the Contribution Percentage of the eligible Non-Highly
          Compensated Employees for the preceding Plan Year, and

               (ii) the lesser of (x) two percentage points plus the lesser of
          the Actual Deferral Percentage or the Contribution Percentage of
          the eligible Non-Highly Compensated Employees for the preceding
          Plan Year or (y) two times the lesser of the Actual Deferral
          Percentage or the Contribution Percentage of the group of
          eligible Non-Highly Compensated Employees for the preceding Plan
          Year, and

          (b)  is the sum of:

               (i)  1.25 times the lesser of the Actual Deferral Percentage or
          the Contribution Percentage of the eligible Non-Highly
          Compensated Employees for the preceding Plan Year, and

               (ii) the lesser of (x) two percentage points plus the greater of
          the Actual Deferral Percentage or the Contribution Percentage of
          the eligible Non-Highly Compensated Employees for the preceding
          Plan Year or (y) two times the greater of the Actual Deferral
          Percentage or the Contribution Percentage of the group of
          eligible Non-Highly Compensated Employees for the preceding Plan
          Year.

PART C.   CORRECTION PROCEDURES FOR ERRONEOUS CONTRIBUTIONS

     4.16 Excess Deferral Fail Safe.  As soon as practical after the
close of each Plan Year, the Committee shall determine if there
would be any Excess Deferrals.  If there would be an Excess
Deferral by a Member, the Excess Deferral as adjusted by any
earnings or losses, will be distributed to the Member no later
than April 15 following the Member's taxable year in which the
Excess Deferral was made.  The income allocable to the Excess
Deferrals for the taxable year of the Member shall be determined
by multiplying the income for the taxable year of the Member
allocable to Salary Deferral Contributions by a fraction.  The
numerator of the fraction is the amount of the Excess Deferrals
made on behalf of the Member for the taxable year.  The
denominator of the fraction is the Member's total Salary Deferral
Account balance as of the beginning of the taxable year plus the
Member's Salary Deferral Contributions for the taxable year.

     4.17 Actual Deferral Percentage Fail Safe.  As soon as
practicable after the close of each Plan Year, the Committee
shall determine whether the Actual Deferral Percentage for the
Highly Compensated Employees would exceed the limitation.  If the
limitation would be exceeded for a Plan Year, before the close of
the following Plan Year (a) the amount of Excess 401(k)
Contributions for that Plan Year (and any income allocable to
those Contributions as calculated in the specific manner required
by Section 4.20) shall be distributed, or (b) the Employer may
make a Qualified Nonelective Employer Contribution which it
elects to have treated as a Section 401(k) Contribution.

     The amount of Excess 401(k) Contributions to be distributed
shall be that amount of the Salary Deferral Contributions by or
on behalf of those Highly Compensated Employees with the largest
Salary Deferral Contributions as is equal to the Excess 401(k)
Contributions, taken ratably from each Account, based solely on
those Salary Deferral Contributions for the Plan Year.  This
initial distribution shall not reduce those Accounts affected
below the next highest level of Salary Deferral Contributions.
If any further reduction is necessary the same process is to be
repeated at the next highest level of Salary Deferral
Contributions by or on behalf of the Highly Compensated
Employees, and if necessary repeated in successively lower levels
of Salary Deferral Contributions until the cash or deferred
arrangement satisfies the Actual Deferral Percentage test.

     The amount of Excess 401(k) Contributions to be distributed
shall be determined in the following manner:

     First, the Plan will determine how much Actual Deferral
Ratio of the Highly Compensated Employee with the highest Actual
Deferral Ratio would have to be reduced to satisfy the Actual
Deferral Percentage Test or cause such ratio to equal the Actual
Deferral Ratio of the Highly Compensated Employee with the next
highest ratio.  Second, this process is repeated until the Actual
Deferral Percentage Test is satisfied.  The amount of Excess
401(k) Contributions is equal to the sum of these hypothetical
reductions multiplied, in each case, by the Highly Compensated
Employee's Annual Compensation.

     Then, distributions of Excess 401(k) Contributions shall be
made on the basis of the respective amounts attributable to each
Highly Compensated Employee.  The Highly Compensated Employees
subject to the actual distribution are determined using the
dollar leveling method starting with the Highly Compensated
Employee with the greatest dollar amount of Salary Deferral
Contributions and other contributions treated as Section 401(k)
Contributions for the Plan Year and continuing until the amount
of the Excess 401(k) Contributions have been accounted for.

     Qualified Nonelective Employer Contributions shall be
treated as Section 401(k) Contributions only if:  (a) the
conditions described in Regulation section 1.401(k)-1(b)(5) are
satisfied and (b) they are allocated to Members' Accounts as of a
date within that Plan Year and are actually paid to the Trust no
later than the end of the 12 month period immediately following
the Plan Year to which the contributions relate.  If the Employer
makes a Qualified Nonelective Employer Contribution that it
elects to have treated as a Section 401(k) Contribution, the
Contribution will be in an amount necessary to satisfy the Actual
Deferral Percentage test and will be allocated first to those Non-
Highly Compensated Employees who had the lowest Actual Deferral
Ratio.

     Any distributions of the Excess 401(k) Contributions for any
Plan Year are to be made to Highly Compensated Employees on the
basis of the amount of contributions by, or on behalf of, each
Highly Compensated Employee.  The amount of Excess 401(k)
Contributions to be distributed for any Plan Year must be reduced
by any excess Salary Deferral Contributions previously
distributed for the taxable year ending in the same Plan Year.

     4.18 Contribution Percentage Fail Safe.  If the limitation would
be exceeded for any Plan Year, before the close of the following
Plan Year any one or more of the following corrective actions
shall be taken, as determined by the Committee in its sole
discretion:  (a) the amount of the Excess Aggregate 401(m)
Contributions for that Plan Year (and any income allocable to
those Contributions as calculated in the specific manner required
by Section 4.20) shall be distributed or forfeited (to the extent
not vested), or (b) the Employer may make a Qualified Nonelective
Employer Contribution which it elects to have treated as a
Section 401(m) Contribution.  Any distributions of the Excess
Aggregate 401(m) Contributions for any Plan Year are to be made
to Highly Compensated Employees on the basis of the respective
portions of the amounts attributable to each of them.
Forfeitures of Excess Aggregate 401(m) Contributions may not be
allocated to Members whose contributions are reduced under this
Section.

     The amount of Excess Aggregate 401(m) Contributions to be
distributed shall be determined in the following manner:

     First, the Plan will determine how much Actual Contribution
Ratio of the Highly Compensated Employee with the highest Actual
Contribution Ratio would have to be reduced to satisfy the Actual
Contribution Percentage Test or cause such ratio to equal the
Actual Contribution Ratio of the Highly Compensated Employee with
the next highest ratio.  Second, this process is repeated until
the Actual Contribution Percentage Test is satisfied.  The amount
of Excess Aggregate 401(m) Contributions is equal to the sum of
these hypothetical reductions multiplied, in each case, by the
Highly Compensated Employee's Annual Compensation.

     Then, distributions of Excess Aggregate 401(m) Contributions
shall be made on the basis of the respective amounts attributable
to each Highly Compensated Employee.  The Highly Compensated
Employees subject to the actual distribution are determined using
the dollar leveling method starting with the Highly Compensated
Employee with the greatest dollar amount of Employer Matching
Contributions and other contributions treated as matching
contributions for the Plan Year and continuing until the amount
of the Excess Aggregate 401(m) Contributions have been accounted
for.

     4.19 Alternative Limitation Fail Safe. This Section shall apply
only for Plan Years beginning before January 1, 2002.  As soon as
practicable after the close of each Plan Year, the Committee
shall determine whether the alternative limitation would be
exceeded.  If the limitation would be exceeded for any Plan Year,
before the close of the following Plan Year the Actual Deferral
Percentage or Contribution Percentage of the eligible Highly
Compensated Employees, or a combination of both, shall be reduced
by distributions made in the manner described in the Regulations.
These distributions shall be in addition to and not in lieu of
distributions required for Excess 401(k) Contributions and Excess
Aggregate 401(m) Contributions.

     4.20 Income Allocable to Excess 401(k) and
Aggregate 401(m) Contributions.  The income allocable to Excess
401(k) Contributions for the Plan Year shall be determined by
multiplying the income for the Plan Year allocable to
Section 401(k) Contributions by a fraction.  The numerator of the
fraction is the amount of Excess 401(k) Contributions made on
behalf of the Member for the Plan Year.  The denominator of the
fraction is the Member's total Account balance attributable to
Section 401(k) Contributions as of the beginning of the Plan Year
plus the Member's Section 401(k) Contributions for the Plan Year.
The income allocable to Excess Aggregate 401(m) Contributions for
a Plan Year shall be determined by multiplying the income for the
Plan Year allocable to Section 401(m) Contributions by a
fraction.  The numerator of the fraction is the amount of Excess
Aggregate 401(m) Contributions made on behalf of the Member for
the Plan Year.  The denominator of the fraction is the Member's
total Account balance attributable to Section 401(m)
Contributions as of the beginning of the Plan Year plus the
Member's Section 401(m) Contributions for the Plan Year.

     4.21 Return of Contributions for Mistake, Disqualification or
Disallowance of Deduction.  Subject to the limitations of
section 415 of the Code, the assets of the Trust shall not revert
to any Employer or be used for any purpose other than the
exclusive benefit of the Members and their Beneficiaries and the
reasonable expenses of administering the Plan except:

          (a)  any Contribution made because of a mistake of fact shall be
     repaid to the Employer within one year after the payment of the
     Contribution;

          (b)  any Contribution conditioned upon the Plan's initial
     qualification under section 401 of the Code or the initial
     qualification of an Employer's adoption of the Plan, if later,
     shall be repaid to the Employer within one year after the date of
     denial of the initial qualification of the Plan or of its
     adoption by the Employer; and

          (c)  any and all Employer Contributions are conditioned upon
     their deductibility under section 404 of the Code; therefore, to
     the extent the deduction is disallowed, the Contributions shall
     be repaid to the Employer within one year after the disallowance.

     The Employer has the exclusive right to determine if a
Contribution or any part of it is to be repaid or is to remain as
a part of the Trust Fund except that the amount to be repaid is
limited, if the Contribution is made by mistake of fact or if the
deduction for the Contribution is disallowed, to the excess of
the amount contributed over the amount that would have been
contributed had there been no mistake or over the amount
disallowed.  Earnings which are attributable to any excess
contribution cannot be repaid.  Losses attributable to an excess
contribution must reduce the amount that may be repaid.  All
repayments of mistaken Contributions or Contributions which are
disallowed are limited so that the balance in a Member's Account
cannot be reduced to less than the balance that would have been
in the Member's Account had the mistaken amount or the amount
disallowed never been contributed.

                          ARTICLE V

                        PARTICIPATION

PART A.   ALLOCATIONS

     5.1  Allocation of Employee Contributions.  The Committee shall
allocate each Member's Employee After Tax Contributions made on
his behalf to his Employee After Tax Contribution Account as of
the date they are contributed.

     5.2  Allocation of Rollover Contributions and Direct Transfers.
If Rollover Contributions and/or direct transfers are permitted,
the Committee shall allocate each Member's Rollover Contribution
and/or direct transfers to his Rollover Account as of the date it
is contributed or transferred.

     5.3  Allocation of Salary Deferral Contributions.  The Committee
shall allocate the Salary Deferral Contributions, if any, made on
behalf of each Member to his Salary Deferral Contribution
Account, as of the date they are contributed.

     5.4  Allocation of Employer Matching Contributions.  The
Committee shall, as of the end of each month, allocate the
Employer Matching Contributions made on behalf of each Member to
his Employer Matching Contribution Account.

     5.5  Allocation of Employer Discretionary Contributions.  The
Committee shall, as of the end of each Plan Year, allocate the
Employer Discretionary Contribution, if any, among the Members
who are eligible to participate and who are employed by an
Employer or Affiliated Employer at the end of the Plan Year based
upon each Member's Considered Compensation as compared to the
Considered Compensation of all Members eligible to participate
and who are employed by an Employer or Affiliated Employer at the
end of the Plan Year.

     5.6  Allocation of Restoration Contributions.  The Committee
shall, as of the end of each Plan Year, allocate the previously
unapplied and unallocated forfeitures and the Employer
Contribution, if any, which are required to restore the nonvested
portion of the Employer Accounts of Members who had previously
forfeited that nonvested portion on the date they terminated
employment but who qualified for the restoration of that amount
during the Plan Year and allocate the previously unapplied and
unallocated forfeitures and the Employer Contribution, if any,
which are required to restore the Accounts of those Members whose
distributions were forfeited because of the Committee's inability
to contact the Members previously but who have filed a claim for
their Accounts during the Plan Year.  The Committee shall
establish and maintain a separate subaccount for the amount
allocated to an Account in order to restore a previously
forfeited amount.

     5.7  Allocation of Qualified Nonelective Employer Contributions.
The Committee shall, as of the end of the Plan Year, allocate the
Qualified Nonelective Employer Contribution, if any, among the
Non-Highly Compensated Employees as set forth in Section 4.17 or
4.18, whichever is applicable.

     5.8  Allocation of Top-Heavy Contributions.  The Committee shall,
as of the end of the Plan Year, allocate the Employer
Contribution, if any, which is necessary to fulfill the Top-Heavy
Plan requirements found in Article IX if the Plan is determined
to be a Top-Heavy Plan.

     5.9  Effect of Transfers Upon Allocations.  If a Member has been
Transferred during the Plan Year, the Member shall be entitled to
have allocated to him a portion of the Employer Matching
Contribution based upon his Salary Deferral Contributions made
while he was an Employee of each Employer and the Employer
Discretionary Contribution based upon his Considered Compensation
for the Plan Year earned from all of the Employers for which an
Employer Discretionary Contribution was made.

     5.10 Application of Forfeitures.  Amounts forfeited for any
reason shall first be allocated under Section 5.6 to restore
previously forfeited Accounts which are to be restored under the
terms of this Plan and if any amount remains after that
allocation, it shall be used to pay Plan expenses or to reduce
the Employer Matching Contribution for that Plan Year.

     5.11 Scheduled Allocation of Income or Losses and Appreciation or
Depreciation.  The Trustee shall value the Trust Fund on its
Valuation Date at its then fair market value, but without regard
to any Contributions made to the Plan after the preceding
Valuation Date, shall determine the amount of income earned or
losses suffered by the Trust Fund and shall determine the
appreciation or depreciation of the Trust Fund since the
preceding Valuation Date.  The Committee shall then allocate as
of the Valuation Date the income earned or losses suffered and
the appreciation or depreciation in the assets of the Trust Fund
for the period since the last preceding Valuation Date.  The
allocation shall be among the Members and former Members who have
undistributed Account balances based upon their Account balances
in each of the various investment funds or accounts, if more than
one, as of the last Valuation Date reduced, as appropriate, by
amounts used from the investment fund or account to make a
withdrawal or distribution or any other transaction which is
properly chargeable to the Member's Account during the period
since the last Valuation Date.  The Committee, by resolution, may
elect in lieu of the allocation method described above to use a
unit allocation method, a separate account method or any other
equitable method if it announces the method of allocation to the
Members prior to the beginning of the period during which it is
first used.

     5.12 Interim Allocation of Income or Losses and Appreciation or
Depreciation.  If at any time in the interval between Valuation
Dates, one or more withdrawals or one or more distributions are
to be made and the Committee determines that an interim
allocation is necessary to prevent discrimination against those
Members and former Members who are not receiving funds, the
Trustee is to perform a valuation of a portion or all of the
Trust Fund as of a date selected by the Committee which is
administratively practical and near the date of withdrawals or
distributions in the same manner as it would if it were a
scheduled Valuation Date.  That date may be before or after any
particular distribution or withdrawal.  The Committee shall then
allocate as of that date any income or loss and any appreciation
or depreciation to the various Accounts of each of the Members in
the same manner as it would if it were a scheduled Valuation
Date.  Then without regard to the language in Section 6.1, all
withdrawals or distributions made after that date and prior to
the next Valuation Date, even though the event causing it
occurred earlier, shall be based upon the Accounts as adjusted by
the interim valuation.

PART B.   LIMITATION ALLOCATIONS

     The Annual Additions that may be credited to an individual
Member's Accounts under this Plan and any other qualified defined
contribution plan maintained by an Affiliated Employer for a
Limitation Year shall not exceed the following:  (1) for
Limitation Years beginning before January 1, 2002, the lesser of
(a) $30,000.00 (as adjusted by the Secretary of Treasury), or
(b) 25% of the Member's Annual Compensation for the Limitation
Year or (2) for Limitation Years beginning on or after January 1,
2002, except to the extent permitted under Section 4.3(b) of the
Plan and section 414(v) of the Code, if applicable, the lesser of
(a) $40,000.00 (as adjusted by the Secretary of Treasury), or
(b) 100% of the Member's Annual Compensation for the Limitation
Year.  The Plan will be operated in compliance with section 415
of the Code and its Regulations, the terms of which are
incorporated in this Plan.

     If Annual Additions are made in excess of the limitations
contained in this Part B, to the maximum extent permitted by law,
those excess Annual Additions shall be attributed to the EOG
Resources, Inc. Money Purchase Pension Plan.

     If an excess Annual Addition attributed to this Plan is held
or contributed as a result of the application of forfeitures,
reasonable error in estimating a Member's Annual Compensation,
reasonable error in calculating the maximum Salary Deferral
Contribution that may be made for a Member under section 415 of
the Code or because of other facts and circumstances which the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue finds to be justified, the
excess Annual Addition shall be corrected as follows:

          (a)  first, the excess Annual Addition shall be reduced to the
     extent necessary by distributing to the Member all Employee After
     Tax Contributions, if any, and then Salary Deferral Contributions
     together with their earnings.  These distributed amounts are
     disregarded for purposes of the testing and limitations contained
     in Article IV;

          (b)  second, if the Member is still employed by the Employer at
     the end of the Plan Year, any remaining excess funds shall be
     placed in an unallocated suspense account to be applied to reduce
     future Employer Contributions for that Member for as many Plan
     Years as are necessary to exhaust the suspense account in keeping
     with the amounts which would otherwise be allocated to that
     Member's Account; and

         (c)  third, if the Member is not employed by the Employer at the
     end of the Plan Year, the remaining excess funds shall be placed
     in an unallocated suspense account to reduce future Employer
     Contributions for all remaining Members for as many Plan Years as
     are necessary to exhaust the suspense account.

     If the Plan terminates prior to the exhaustion of the
suspense account, the remaining amount shall revert to the
Employer.

PART C.   INVESTMENT OF TRUST FUNDS

     The Committee may:  (a) maintain commingled and/or separate
Trusts, (b) establish separate investment funds and/or (c) permit
individual investments, some or all of which are directed by the
Committee or selected by the Members or former Members for any
portion or all of their Accounts.  Once the Committee has
selected or changed the mode of investments, it shall establish
rules pertaining to its administration, including but not limited
to:  selection of forms, rules for making selections effective,
establishing the frequency of permitted changes, the minimum
percentage in any investment, and all other necessary or
appropriate regulations.

     The Committee may direct the Trustee to hold funds in cash
or near money awaiting investment or to sell assets and hold the
proceeds in cash or near money awaiting reinvestment when
establishing, using or changing investment modes.  For this
purpose the funds may be held in cash or invested in short term
investments such as certificates of deposit, U.S.  Treasury
bills, savings accounts, commercial paper, demand notes, money
market funds, any common, pooled or collective funds which the
Trustee or any other corporation may now have or in the future
may adopt for short term investments and any other similar assets
which may be offered by the federal government, national or state
banks (whether or not serving as Trustee) or any savings and loan
association.

                            ARTICLE VI

                   DISTRIBUTIONS AND FORFEITURES

PART A.   DISTRIBUTIONS

     6.1  Valuation of Accounts for Distributions.  For the purpose of
making a distribution, a Member's Accounts shall be his Accounts
as valued as of the Valuation Date which is coincident with or
next preceding the event which caused the distribution, adjusted
only for Contributions, distributions and withdrawals, if any,
made between the Valuation Date and that event.

     6.2  Distribution on Death.  If a Member or Retired Member dies,
the Member's spouse or designated Beneficiary or Beneficiaries is
entitled to receive 100% of the remaining amount in all of his
Accounts as of the day he dies.  Each Member has the right to
designate and to revoke the designation of his Beneficiary or
Beneficiaries.  Each designation or revocation must be evidenced
by a written document in the form required by the Committee,
signed by the Member and filed with the Committee.  If no
designation is on file at the time of a Member's death or if the
Committee determines that the designation is ineffective, the
designated Beneficiary shall be the Member's spouse, if living,
or if not, the executor, administrator or other personal
representative for administration and distribution as part of the
Member's estate.

     If a Member is considered to be married under local law, the
Member's designation of any Beneficiary, other than the Member's
spouse, shall not be valid unless the spouse acknowledges in
writing that he or she understands the effect of the Member's
beneficiary designation and consents to it.  The consent must be
to a specific Beneficiary.  The written acknowledgment and
consent must be filed with the Committee, signed by the spouse,
and witnessed by a Plan representative or a notary public.
However, if the spouse cannot be located or there exist other
circumstances as described in sections 401(a)(11) and 417(a)(2)
of the Code, the requirement of the Member's spouse's
acknowledgment and consent may be waived.

     6.3  Distribution on Retirement.  A Member may retire at any time
on or after he attains his Retirement Age.  If a Member retires,
he is entitled to receive 100% of all of his Accounts as of the
day he retires.

     6.4  Distribution on Disability.  If a Member's employment with
an Employer is terminated and the Committee determines he is
suffering from a Disability, he is entitled to receive 100% of
all of his Accounts as of the day he terminated because of his
Disability.

     6.5  Distribution on Severance From Service.  If a Member Severs
Service with all Affiliated Employers for any reason other than
death, retirement, or disability, he is entitled to receive 100%
of all his Accounts under the Plan.  Notwithstanding the above,
effective solely for Contributions made to the Plan on or after
January 1, 2000, if a Member Severs Service with all Affiliated
Employers for any reason other than death, retirement or
disability, he is entitled to receive (a) 100% of all of his
Accounts, except his Employer Matching Contribution Account and
his Employer Discretionary Contribution Account, if any, and
(b) that percentage of his Employer Matching Contribution Account
and his Employer Discretionary Contribution Account, if any, as
shown in the vesting schedule below, as of the day he severs
employment.

                                         Percentage of Amount Vested In
                                          Accounts Containing Employer
                                           Matching And Discretionary
Completed Years of Active Service                 Contributions

Less than one year                                      0%
One year but less than two years                       20%
Two years but less than three years                    40%
Three years but less than four years                   60%
Four years but less than five years                    80%
Five years or more                                    100%

     Effective for distributions after December 31, 2001,
regardless of when the severance from employment occurred, a
Member's Salary Deferral Contributions, Qualified Nonelective
Employer contributions, qualified matching Contributions, and
earnings attributable to these contributions shall be distributed
on account of the Member's severance from employment; provided,
however, that such a distribution shall be subject to the other
provisions of the Plan regarding distributions, other than
provisions that require a "separation from service" (as defined
under section 401(k)(2)(B)(i)(I) of the Code in effect prior to
January 1, 2002) before such amounts may be distributed.

     6.6  Distribution on Issuance of a Qualified Domestic Relations
Order.  If the Committee determines that a judgment, decree or
order relating to child support, alimony payments or marital
property rights of the spouse, former spouse, child or other
dependent of the Member is a qualified domestic relations order
which complies with a state's domestic relations law or community
property law and section 414(p) of the Code or is a domestic
relations order entered before January 1, 1985, the Committee may
direct the Trustee to distribute the awarded property to the
person named in the award but only in the manner permitted under
this Plan.  To be a qualified domestic relations order, the order
must clearly specify:  (a) the name and last known mailing
address of the Member and each alternate payee under the order,
(b) the amount or percentage of the Member's benefits to be paid
from the Plan to each alternate payee or the manner in which the
amount or percentage can be determined, (c) the number of
payments or periods for which the order applies, (d) the plan to
which the order applies, and (e) all other requirements set forth
in section 414(p) of the Code.  If a distribution is made at a
time when the Member is not fully vested, a separate subaccount
shall be created for the remaining portion of each Account which
was not fully vested.  That subaccount shall then remain frozen:
that is, no further contributions nor any forfeitures shall be
allocated to the subaccount; however, it shall receive its
proportionate share of trust appreciation or depreciation and
income earned on or losses incurred by the Trust Fund.  To
determine the Member's vested interest in each subaccount at any
future time, the Committee shall add back to the subaccount at
that time the amount that was previously distributed under the
qualified domestic relations order, shall multiply the
reconstituted subaccount by the vesting percentage, and shall
then subtract the amount that was previously distributed.  The
remaining amount is the Member's vested interest in the
subaccount at that time.

     6.7  Forfeiture on Severing Service With All Affiliated
Employers.  If as a result of Severing Service with all
Affiliated Employers a former Member receives a distribution of
his entire vested interest in his Account, the nonvested amount
in his Account is immediately forfeited.  A former Member who
received no distribution upon his Severing Service with all
Affiliated Employers because he had no vested interest shall be
treated as if he received a distribution of his entire vested
interest and that interest was less than $5,000.00.

     If a former Member who has a vested interest in his Account
received no distribution or a distribution of less than the full
amount of his entire vested interest as a result of his Severing
Service with all Affiliated Employers the nonvested amount in his
Account is immediately forfeited following five consecutive one-
year Periods of Severance.

     A distribution shall be treated as if it were made as a
result of Severing Service with all Affiliated Employers if it is
made not later than the end of the second Plan Year following the
Plan Year in which the former Member Severs Service.

     6.8  Forfeiture by Lost Members or Beneficiaries; Escheat.  If a
person who is entitled to a distribution cannot be located during
a search period of 60 days after the Trustee has initially
attempted making payment, that person's Account shall be
forfeited.  However, if at any time prior to the termination of
this Plan and the complete distribution of the Trust Fund, the
Former Member or Beneficiary files a claim with the Committee for
the forfeited benefit, that benefit shall be reinstated (without
adjustment for trust income or losses during the forfeited
period) effective as of the date of the receipt of the claim.  As
soon as appropriate following the Employer's Contribution of the
reinstated amount, it shall be paid to the former Member or
Beneficiary in a single sum.

PART B.   FORM, ADJUSTMENTS AND TIME OF DISTRIBUTION

     6.9  Qualified Joint and Survivor and Qualified Preretirement
Survivor Annuity.  Each Member (a) who is married to the same
spouse throughout the one year period ending on the earlier of
(i) the Member's Annuity Starting Date, or (ii) the date of the
Member's death, (b) who has a vested Account balance in excess of
$5,000.00 will be paid in the form of a Qualified Joint and
Survivor Annuity, unless he and his spouse make a valid election
out of this form of payment.  Payments under the Qualified Joint
and Survivor Annuity will begin immediately on the Member's
Annuity Starting Date.  If the Member marries within one year of
the first day of the first period for which amounts are received
as an annuity by the Member, and the Member and his spouse have
been continuously married for at least a one-year period ending
on or before the date of the Member's death, the Member and his
spouse will be treated as having been married throughout the one-
year period ending on the Member's Annuity Starting Date.

     If a married Member who qualifies for a Qualified Joint and
Survivor Annuity dies before the Annuity Starting Date, a
Qualified Preretirement Survivor Annuity in an amount not less
than 50% of the Member's nonforfeitable Account balance,
including the proceeds of insurance, if any, on the Member's
life, as of the date of the Member's death will be paid to his
surviving spouse, unless the Member and his surviving spouse
elect to receive a lump sum payment.  The Member's surviving
spouse may direct that payments under the Qualified Preretirement
Survivor Annuity begin within a reasonable time after the
Member's death.

     Each Member, with the consent of his spouse, may elect at
any time, and any number of times, during the 90-day period
ending on the Member's Annuity Starting Date, to waive the
Qualified Joint and Survivor Annuity or may revoke that election.
Also a Member, with the consent of his spouse, may elect, at any
time, and any number of times, during the period which begins on
the first day of the Plan Year in which the Member attains age 35
and ends on the date of the Member's death, to waive the
Qualified Preretirement Survivor Annuity or may revoke that
election.  If a Member has terminated employment with the
Employer and all Affiliated Employers, his election period will
not begin later than the date the former Member terminated
employment.  A Member's waiver of the Qualified Joint and
Survivor Annuity or Qualified Preretirement Survivor Annuity must
state the specific nonspouse Beneficiary, including any class of
Beneficiaries or any contingent Beneficiaries, who will receive
the Member's benefits.  A Member's waiver of the Qualified Joint
and Survivor Annuity must specify the particular optional form of
benefit selected.

     A Member's waiver of the Qualified Joint and Survivor
Annuity or the Qualified Preretirement Survivor Annuity will not
be effective unless the Member's spouse signs either a specific
or a general consent to the Member's waiver.

     A specific spousal consent must be in writing, consent to
the Member's waiver, consent to the specific nonspouse
Beneficiary designated by the Member to receive Plan benefits,
acknowledge the form of payment, acknowledge the effect of the
spouse's consent to the Member's waiver and be witnessed by a
notary public or a Plan representative.

     A general spousal consent must be in writing; consent to the
Member's waiver; specify that the Member may change (a) the
optional form of benefit elected by him, (b) the Beneficiary
designated by him to receive Plan benefits in the event of his
death or (c) both, without any requirement of further consent by
the spouse; acknowledge that the spouse has the right to limit
consent to a specific Beneficiary and a particular optional form
of benefit; specify that the spouse voluntarily elects to
relinquish the right to limit consent to a specific Beneficiary,
a specific optional form of benefit or both; acknowledge the
effect of the spouse's consent to the Member's waiver; and be
witnessed by a notary public or a Plan representative.

     The Member's election to waive the Qualified Joint and
Survivor Annuity and/or Qualified Preretirement Survivor Annuity
will be effective if it is established to the satisfaction of the
Employer that the spousal consent ordinarily required can not be
obtained because there is no spouse, the spouse cannot be
located, or there exist other circumstances which obviate the
necessity of obtaining the spousal consent.  Any consent by the
Member's spouse, or establishment that the consent of the
Member's spouse can not be obtained, will be effective only to
that spouse.

     During a period that is no less than 30 days (seven days if
waived in a manner that satisfies the applicable Regulation), and
no more than 90 days before the Member's Annuity Starting Date,
each Member is to receive the following information written in
nontechnical language:  a general description and explanation of
the terms and conditions of the Qualified Joint and Survivor
Annuity, an explanation of the eligibility conditions and other
material features and of the forms of distribution available,
sufficient information to explain the relative values of the
forms of distribution available, the circumstances under which
the Qualified Joint and Survivor Annuity will be provided unless
the Member elects to waive that form, a general explanation of
the Member's right to elect to waive the Qualified Joint and
Survivor Annuity form of benefit and the effect of a waiver, the
right of the Member's spouse to consent or not to consent to a
waiver, a general explanation of the Member's right to revoke an
election to waive the Qualified Joint and Survivor Annuity and
the effect of a revocation, and the Member's right to request a
written explanation of the financial effect upon his benefit of
electing to waive the Qualified Joint and Survivor Annuity.
Similarly, within the period beginning on the first day of the
Plan Year in which a Member attains age 32 and ending with the
close of the Plan Year preceding the Plan Year in which the
Member attains age 35, or within the one-year period that starts
on the date that the Member becomes a Member, or within the one-
year period that starts on the date that the Member severs
Service if the Member severs before attaining age 35, whichever
period ends last, each Member is to receive a written explanation
with respect to the Qualified Preretirement Survivor Annuity
comparable to that required for the Qualified Joint and Survivor
Annuity.

     The information described in the preceding paragraph may be
provided to the Member after his Annuity Starting Date so long as
the Member has a period of at least 30 days after the information
is provided to elect to waive the Qualified Preretirement
Survivor Annuity or Qualified Joint and Survivor Annuity, as
applicable.  If such information is provided after the Member's
Annuity Starting Date, the Member may waive the requirement that
the applicable election period not end until 30 days after the
information is provided if the distribution commences more than 7
days after such information is provided.

     If a Member is single on the earlier of the Member's Annuity
Starting Date or the date of the Member's death and has a vested
right to any portion of his Account balance in excess of
$5,000.00 as determined under Section 6.12, his benefit payable
for any reason other than the Member's death will be paid in the
form of a single life only annuity unless the Member elects the
form of distribution described in the next Section.  If a Member
who qualifies for a single life only annuity dies before his
Annuity Starting Date, a single sum in cash equal to the amount
in the Member's Account will be paid to his designated
Beneficiary.  The waiver periods and information to be provided
single Members are the same as those to be provided the married
Members.

     If a Member's vested Account balance plus all prior Plan
distributions to the Member does not exceed $5,000.00, then in
lieu of providing a Qualified Joint and Survivor Annuity or
Qualified Preretirement Survivor Annuity or a single life only
annuity, whichever is applicable, the Member's vested Account
balance will be distributed in a single lump sum payment in cash
within one year after the Member becomes entitled to the
distribution.  However, if the distribution is to be made after
the Member's Annuity Starting Date, the single sum distribution
will not be made unless the Member or in the event the Member is
married, the Member and his spouse, or if the Member has died,
the deceased Member's surviving spouse, consent in writing to the
distribution.

     6.10 Form of Distributions.  Distributions shall be made only in
cash unless an asset held in the Trust cannot be sold by
distribution date or can only be sold at less than its appraised
value, in which event part or all of the distribution may be made
in kind.  If the Qualified Joint and Survivor Annuity or the
Qualified Preretirement Survivor Annuity, whichever is
applicable, is properly waived, distribution shall be made in one
lump sum payment or, as a Direct Rollover if the Distributee
elects, at the time and in the manner prescribed by the
Committee, to have any portion or all of the Eligible Rollover
Distribution paid directly to an Eligible Retirement Plan named
by the Distributee.

     Each Member who was a participant in the Somerset Oil & Gas
Company, Inc. 401(k) Plan (the Somerset Plan) may, in addition to
the distribution options listed above, have the balance of their
Account transferred from the Somerset Plan paid in equal monthly
or quarterly installments for a period of time not to exceed the
shorter of 10 years or the life expectancy of the Member or the
joint life and last survivor expectancy of the Member and the
Member's designated Beneficiary.  The term certain must be of a
duration for which it is expected that more than 50% of the
present value of the Member's accrued benefit shall be paid to
the Member.  The Member's Account from which the installments are
payable shall be maintained as a part of the general Trust Fund.
The income earned on the Account shall be distributed not less
often than annually.

     Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan to the
contrary, effective for Members with Annuity Starting Dates
occurring after the earlier of (1) January 1, 2003 or (2) the
90th day following the date Members have been furnished with a
summary of material modifications satisfying the requirements of
29 C.F.R.  2520.104b-3, distributions under the Plan shall be
made solely in the form of a single lump-sum payment in cash or
as a Direct Rollover if the Distributee elects, at the time and
in the manner prescribed by the Committee, to have any portion or
all of the Eligible Rollover Distribution paid directly to an
Eligible Retirement Plan named by the Distributee.

     6.11 Adjustment of Value of Distribution.  Any Account held for
distribution past one or more Valuation Dates shall continue to
share in the appreciation or depreciation of the Trust Fund and
in the income earned or losses incurred by the Trust Fund until
the last Valuation Date which occurs with or next precedes the
date distribution is made.

     6.12 Normal Time for Distribution.  The following rules shall
normally govern the time for distribution unless Section 6.13
requires an earlier distribution.  If the benefit to be
distributed to the Member is or is deemed to be $5,000.00 or
less, the benefit should be distributed within one year after the
Member becomes entitled to the benefit.  Also, if it is or is
deemed to be greater than $5,000.00 and the Member consents to
the distribution, the benefit should be distributed or begin to
be distributed within one year after the Member becomes entitled
to the benefit.  If, however, the benefit to be distributed is or
is deemed to be greater than $5,000.00 and the Member fails to
consent to the distribution, the distribution shall not be made
without the Member's consent until he attains normal Retirement
Age or age 62, whichever is later.  For purposes of this Section,
the value of a Member's benefit shall be determined without
regard to that portion of the account balance that is
attributable to rollover contributions (and earnings allocable
thereto) within the meaning of sections 402(c), 403(a)(4),
403(b)(8), 408(d)(3)(A)(ii), and 457(e)(16) of the Code.

     6.13 Time Limit For Distribution.  All distributions must comply
with sections 401(a)(9) and 401(a)(14) of the Code and their
regulations.  Thus, the distribution must be made no later than
the EARLIER of the date required by subsection (a) or (b) if the
Member has not died.

          (a)  Section 401(a)(9):  Each Member must begin receiving a
     distribution under the Plan on or before April 1st of the
     calendar year following the later of the calendar year in which
     the Member retires or attains age 70-1/2 in the amount required by
     section 401(a)(9) of the Code and its Regulations.  However, if
     the Member is a Five Percent Owner in the Plan Year ending in the
     calendar year in which he attains 70-1/2, distribution must begin
     April 1st of the following calendar year regardless of whether he
     remains employed by the Employer or an Affiliated Employer.
     Without regard to the above rules, if a Member made a designation
     before January 1, 1984, which complied with section 401(a)(9) of
     the Code before its amendment by the Tax Reform Act of 1984, the
     distribution does not have to be made until the time described in
     the designation, if later.

          With respect to distributions under the Plan made for
     calendar years beginning on or after January 1, 2001, the
     Plan will apply the minimum distribution requirements of
     section 401(a)(9) of the Code in accordance with Regulations
     under section 401(a)(9) that were proposed on January 17,
     2001, notwithstanding any provision of the Plan to the
     contrary.  This amendment shall continue in effect until the
     end of the last calendar year beginning before the effective
     date of the final regulations under section 401(a)(9) or
     such other date as may be specified in guidance published by
     the Internal Revenue Service.

          (b)  Section 401(a)(14):  The distribution must be made to the
     Member on or before the 60th day after the latest of the end of
     the Plan Year in which the Member attains his Retirement Age,
     attains the 10th anniversary of the year in which he began
     participation or terminates employment with all Affiliated
     Employers unless the Member consents to a later time.

     If the Member has died and benefits are being paid in
installments and the Member dies after benefit payments have
begun, the balance must be distributed at least as rapidly as the
installment method chosen by the Member.  If the Member dies
prior to the beginning of installments his entire Account must be
distributed within five years after his death.  However, if a
portion of the Member's Account is payable to a designated
Beneficiary, that part may be paid in installments over a period
not exceeding the life expectancy of the Beneficiary.  Those
payments must begin not later than one year after the Member's
death.  If the surviving spouse is the Beneficiary, the payments
may be delayed so as to begin on the date on which the Member
would have attained age 70 1/2.  If payment is postponed and the
surviving spouse dies before payments begin, the surviving spouse
shall be treated as the Member for purposes of this paragraph.

     6.14 Protected Benefits.  No provision of this Plan shall reduce
or eliminate any benefit protected by section 411(d)(6) of the
Code, except as otherwise may be permitted or required by law.

                          ARTICLE VII

                      WITHDRAWALS AND LOANS

     7.1  Valuation of Accounts for Withdrawals and Loans.  For the
purpose of withdrawals and loans, a Member's Account shall be his
Accounts as valued as of the Valuation Date which is coincident
with or next preceding the request for the withdrawal or loan
adjusted only for Contributions, distributions, withdrawals and
loans, if any, made between the Valuation Date and that event.

     7.2  Withdrawals of Employee After Tax and Rollover Accounts.
A Member is entitled at any time to receive a withdrawal from his
Employee After Tax Contribution and/or Rollover Account after
giving 10 days written notice to the Committee.  The withdrawal
cannot be more than the balance of the Account.  The Member's
withdrawal request for his Employee After Tax Contributions
terminates his right to make any Employee After Tax Contributions
until the next time Employee After Tax Contributions are
permitted after the lapse of one year following the withdrawal
and his timely filing of a written request to resume
Contributions.  Each withdrawal of Employee After Tax
Contributions shall include a pro rata share of income earned on
those Contributions.

     7.3  Withdrawal for Financial Hardship.  A Member is entitled to
receive a withdrawal from his Salary Deferral Contribution
Account (exclusive of income earned) in the event of an immediate
and heavy financial need incurred by the Member and the
Committee's determination that the withdrawal is necessary to
alleviate that hardship.  Notwithstanding the above, each Member
who was a participant in the Somerset Plan shall be entitled to
receive a hardship withdrawal in accordance with the provisions
of this Section 7.3 from the vested portion of all their Accounts
that were transferred to the Plan from the Somerset Plan.

          (a)  Approval Reasons for Hardship:  A distribution shall be made
     on account of financial hardship only if the distribution is for:
     (i) expenses for medical care described in section 213(d) of the
     Code previously incurred by the Member, the Member's spouse, or
     any dependents of the Member (as defined in section 152 of the
     Code) or necessary for these persons to obtain medical care
     described in section 213(d) of the Code, (ii) costs directly
     related to the purchase (excluding mortgage payments) of a
     principal residence for the Member, (iii) payment of tuition,
     related educational fees and room and board expenses, for the
     next 12 months of post-secondary education for the Member, his or
     her spouse, children, or dependents (as defined in section 152 of
     the Code), (iv) payments necessary to prevent the eviction of the
     Member from his principal residence or foreclosure on the
     mortgage of the Member's principal residence, or (v) any other
     event added to this list by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue.

          (b)  Maximum Distribution Permitted:  A distribution to satisfy
     an immediate and heavy financial need shall not be made in excess
     of the amount of the immediate and heavy financial need of the
     Member and the Member must have obtained all distributions, other
     than hardship distributions, and all nontaxable (at the time of
     the loan) loans currently available under all plans maintained by
     the Employer.  The amount of a Member's immediate and heavy
     financial need includes any amounts necessary to pay any federal,
     state or local income taxes or penalties reasonably anticipated
     to result from the financial hardship distribution.

          (c)  Conditions Placed on Participation in Plan and other Fringe
     Benefits:  A Member who receives a distribution of Salary
     Deferral Contributions after December 31, 2001 on account of
     hardship shall be prohibited from making any Employee After Tax
     Contributions or Salary Deferral Contributions under the Plan
     until the lapse of six months following the hardship distribution
     and his or her timely filing of a written request to resume he or
     her Employee After Tax Contributions or Salary Deferral
     Contributions.  A Member who receives a distribution of Salary
     Deferral Contributions in calendar year 2001 on account of
     hardship shall be prohibited from making any Employee After Tax
     Contributions or Salary Deferral Contributions under the Plan
     until the lapse of six months following the hardship distribution
     or January 1, 2002, if later, and his or her timely filing of a
     written request to resume he or her Employee After Tax
     Contributions or Salary Deferral Contributions.

          In addition, a Member who receives a hardship
     distribution from this Plan after December 31, 2001 on
     account of hardship shall be prohibited from making elective
     contributions and employee contributions to all other
     qualified and nonqualified plans of deferred compensation
     maintained by the Employer, including stock option plans,
     stock purchase plans and cash or deferred arrangements that
     are part of cafeteria plans described in section 125 of the
     Code for six months following the hardship distribution.  A
     Member who receives a hardship distribution from this Plan
     in calendar year 2001 on account of hardship shall be
     prohibited from making elective contributions and employee
     contributions to all other qualified and nonqualified plans
     of deferred compensation maintained by the Employer,
     including stock option plans, stock purchase plans and cash
     or deferred arrangements that are part of cafeteria plans
     described in section 125 of the Code for six months
     following the hardship distribution or until January 1,
     2001, if later.

          However, a Member who receives a hardship distribution
     from this Plan is not prohibited from making mandatory
     employee contributions to a defined benefit plan, or
     contributions to a health or welfare benefit plan, including
     one that is part of a cafeteria plan within the meaning of
     section 125 of the Code.

     7.4  Withdrawals On or After Age 59-1/2.  A Member who is at least
age 59-1/2 is entitled to withdraw his vested interest in all of his
Accounts.

     7.5  Loans.  The Committee may direct the Trustee to make loans
to Members (and Beneficiaries who are parties in interest within
the meaning of ERISA) who have a vested interest in the Plan.
Effective for Plan loans made on or before December 31, 2001,
loans may not be made to any shareholder-employee (as defined in
section 1379 of the Code as in effect before the enactment of the
Subchapter S Revision Act of 1982) or any owner-employee (as
defined in section 401(c)(3) of the Code or a member of the
family of either (as defined in section 267(c)(4) of the Code.
The Loan Committee established by the Committee will be
responsible for administering the Plan loan program.  All loans
will comply with the following requirements:

          (a)  All loans will be made solely from the Member's or
     Beneficiary's Account.

          (b)  Loans will be available on a nondiscriminatory basis to all
     Beneficiaries who are parties in interest within the meaning of
     ERISA, and to all Members.

          (c)  Loans will not be made for less than $1,000.

          (d)  The maximum amount of a loan may not exceed the lesser of
     (i) $50,000 reduced by the person's highest outstanding loan
     balance from the Plan during the preceding one year period, or
     (ii) one-half of the present value of the person's vested Account
     balance under the Plan determined as of the date on which the
     loan is approved by the Loan Committee.  If determining whether a
     loan would exceed these limits, all loans under all plans of the
     Employer and all Affiliated Employers which are outstanding or
     which have not been repaid at least one year before must be taken
     into consideration.

          (e)  Any loan from the Plan will be evidenced by a note or notes
     (signed by the person applying for the loan) having such
     maturity, bearing such rate of interest, and containing such
     other terms as the Loan Committee will require by uniform and
     nondiscriminatory rules consistent with this Section and proper
     lending practices.  When required by law, the borrowing person
     must be supplied with all documents required by the truth-in-
     lending laws and any other applicable federal or state statute.

          (f)  All loans will bear a reasonable rate of interest which will
     be established by the Loan Committee.  In determining the proper
     rate of interest to be charged, at the time any loan is made or
     renewed, the Loan Committee may contact one or more of the banks
     in the geographic location in which the Member or Beneficiary
     resides to determine what interest rate the banks would charge
     for a similar loan taking into account the collateral offered.

          (g)  Each loan will be fully secured by a pledge of the borrowing
     person's vested Account balance.  No more than 50% of the
     person's vested Account balance (determined immediately after the
     origination of the loan) will be considered as security for any
     loan.

          (h)  Generally, the term of the loan will not be more than five
     years.  The Loan Committee may agree to a longer term only if the
     term is otherwise reasonable and the proceeds of the loan are to
     be used to acquire a dwelling which will be used within a
     reasonable time (determined at the time the loan is made) as the
     principal residence of the borrowing person.

          (i)  The loan agreement will require level amortization over the
     term of the loan and repayment through salary withholding except
     in the case of a loan to a person who is not employed by the
     Employer.

          (j)  A Member may not make a withdrawal if the remaining balance
     of the Member's Account would be less than the outstanding loan
     balance or the withdrawal would violate any security requirements
     of the loan.  No distribution may be made to a Member until all
     loans to him have been paid in full.  If a Member has an
     outstanding loan from the Plan at the time he terminates
     employment with all Affiliated Employers, the outstanding loan
     principal balance and any accrued but unpaid interest will become
     immediately due in full.  The Member will have the right to
     immediately pay the Trustee that amount.  If the Member fails to
     repay the loan, the Trustee will foreclose on the loan and the
     Member will be deemed to have received a Plan distribution of the
     amount foreclosed upon.  The Trustee will not foreclose upon a
     Member's Salary Deferral Contributions Account or Qualified
     Nonelective Employer Contributions Account until the Member has
     terminated employment with all Affiliated Employers.

          (k)  If a Beneficiary defaults on his loan, the Trustee will
     foreclose on the loan and the Beneficiary will be deemed to have
     received a Plan distribution of the amount foreclosed upon.

          (l)  No amount that is pledged as collateral for a Plan loan to a
     Participant will be available for withdrawal before he has fully
     repaid his loan.

          (m)  All interest payments made pursuant to the terms of the loan
     agreement will be credited to the borrowing person's Account and
     will not be considered as general earnings of the Trust Fund to
     be allocated to other Members.  All expenses or losses incurred
     because of the loan shall be charged to the borrowing person's
     Account.

          (n)  Payment of any loan made by a Member shall be suspended
     while a Member is in qualified military service and is covered by
     USERRA.

          (o)  The Committee is authorized to establish written guidelines
     which, if and when adopted, shall become part of this Plan and
     shall establish a procedure for applying for loans, the basis on
     which loans will be approved or denied, limitations (if any) on
     the types and amounts of loans offered, and any other matters
     necessary or appropriate to administering this Section.

          (p)  If any part of a Member's Account to be used as security for
     the loan, a Member must obtain the consent of his or her spouse,
     if any, to use such part of the Account as security for the loan.
     Spousal consent shall be obtained no earlier than the beginning
     of the 90-day period that ends on the date on which the loan is
     to be so secured.  The consent must be in writing, must
     acknowledge the effect of the loan, and must be witnessed by a
     Plan representative or notary public.  Such consent shall
     thereafter be binding with respect to the consenting spouse or
     any subsequent spouse with respect to that loan.

                             ARTICLE VIII

             GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO FILING A CLAIM,
         DISTRIBUTIONS TO MINORS AND NO DUPLICATION OF BENEFITS

     8.1  Claims Procedure.  When a benefit is due, the Member or
Beneficiary should submit a claim to the office designated by the
Committee to receive claims. Under normal circumstances, the
Committee will make a final decision as to a claim within 90 days
after receipt of the claim.  If the Committee notifies the
claimant in writing during the initial 90-day period, it may
extend the period up to 180 days after the initial receipt of the
claim. The written notice must contain the circumstances
necessitating the extension and the anticipated date for the
final decision. If a claim is denied during the claims period,
the Committee must notify the claimant in writing. The denial
must include the specific reasons for it, the Plan provisions
upon which the denial is based, any additional material or
information necessary for the claimant to perfect the claim and
an explanation of why such material or information is necessary,
and the Plan's review procedures and time limits, including a
statement of the claimant's right to bring a civil action under
section 502(a) of ERISA.

     If a Member's or Beneficiary's claim is denied and he wants
a review, he must apply to the Committee in writing. That
application can include any arguments, written comments,
documents, records, and other information relating to the claim
for benefits.  In addition, the claimant is entitled to receive
on request and free of charge reasonable access to and copies of
all information relevant to the claim. For this purpose,
"relevant" means information that was relied on in making the
benefit determination or that was submitted, considered or
generated in the course of making the determination, without
regard to whether it was relied on, and information that
demonstrates compliance with the Plan's administrative procedures
and safeguards for assuring and verifying that Plan provisions
are applied consistently in making benefit determinations.  The
Committee must take into account all comments, documents,
records, and other information submitted by the claimant relating
to the claim, without regard to whether the information was
submitted or considered in the initial benefit determination.
The claimant may either represent himself or appoint a
representative, either of whom has the right to inspect all
documents pertaining to the claim and its denial. The Committee
can schedule any meeting with the claimant or his representative
that it finds necessary or appropriate to complete its review.
The request for review must be filed within 90 days after the
denial. If it is not, the denial becomes final. If a timely
request is made, the Committee must make its decision, under
normal circumstances, within 60 days of the receipt of the
request for review. However, if the Committee notifies the
claimant prior to the expiration of the initial review period, it
may extend the period of review up to 120 days following the
initial receipt of the request for a review. All decisions of the
Committee must be in writing and must include the specific
reasons for its action, the Plan provisions on which its decision
is based, and a statement that the claimant is entitled to
receive, upon request and free of charge, reasonable access to,
and copies of, all documents, records, and other information
relevant to the claimant's claim for benefits, and a statement of
the claimant's right to bring an action under section 502(a) of
ERISA  If a decision is not given to the claimant within the
review period, the claim is treated as if it were denied on the
last day of the review period.

     8.2  No Duplication of Benefits.  There shall be no duplication
of benefits under this Plan.  Without regard to any other
language in this Plan, all distributions and withdrawals are to
be subtracted from a Member's Account as of the date of the
distribution or withdrawal.  Thus, if the Member has received one
distribution or withdrawal and is ever entitled to another
distribution or withdrawal, the prior distribution or withdrawal
is to be taken into account.

     8.3  Distributions to Disabled or Minors.  If the Committee
determines that any person to whom a payment is due is a minor or
is unable to care for his affairs because of a physical or mental
disability, it shall have the authority to cause the payments to
be made to an ancestor, descendant, spouse, or other person the
Committee determines to have incurred, or to be expected to
incur, expenses for that person or to the institution which is
maintaining or has custody of the person unless a prior claim is
made by a qualified guardian or other legal representative.  The
Committee and the Trustee shall not be responsible to oversee the
application of those payments.  Payments made pursuant to this
power shall be a complete discharge of all liability under the
Plan and Trust and the obligations of the Employer, the Trustee,
the Trust Fund and the Committee.

                            ARTICLE IX

                     TOP-HEAVY REQUIREMENTS

     9.1  Application.  The requirements described in this Article
shall apply to each Plan Year that this Plan is determined to be
a Top-Heavy Plan under the test set out in the following Section.

     9.2  Top-Heavy Test.  If on the Determination Date the Aggregate
Accounts of Key Employees in the Plan exceeds 60% of the
Aggregate Accounts of all Employees in the Plan, this Plan shall
be a Top-Heavy Plan for that Plan Year.  In addition, if this
Plan is required to be included in an Aggregation Group and that
group is a top-heavy group, this Plan shall be treated as a Top-
Heavy Plan.  An Aggregation Group is a top-heavy group if on the
Determination Date the sum of (a) the present value of the
cumulative accrued benefits for Key Employees under all defined
benefit plans in the Aggregation Group which contains this Plan
plus (b) the total of all of the accounts of Key Employees under
all defined contribution plans included in the Aggregation Group
(which contains this Plan) is more than 60% of a similar sum
determined for all employees covered in the Aggregation Group
which contains this Plan.

          In applying the above tests, the following rules shall
     apply:

          (a)  In determining the present value of the accumulated accrued
     benefits for any Employee or the amount in the account of any
     Employee, for Plan Years commencing prior to January 1, 2002, the
     value or amount shall be increased by all distributions made to
     or for the benefit of the Employee under the Plan during the five-
     year period ending on the Determination Date.  Effective for Plan
     Years commencing on or after January 1, 2002, the present values
     of accrued benefits and the amounts of account balances of an
     Employee as of the Determination Date shall be increased by the
     distributions made with respect to the Employee under the Plan
     and any plan aggregated with the Plan under section 416(g)(2) of
     the Code during the one-year period ending on the Determination
     Date.  The preceding sentence shall also apply to distributions
     under a terminated plan which, had it not been terminated, would
     have been aggregated with the Plan under section 416(g)(2)(A)(i)
     of the Code.  In the case of a distribution made for a reason
     other than Separation From Service, death, or Disability, this
     provision shall be applied by substituting "five-year period" for
     "one-year period."

          (b)  All rollover contributions made after December 31, 1983 by
     the Employee to the Plan shall not be considered by the Plan for
     either test.

          (c)  If an Employee is a Non-Key Employee under the Plan for the
     Plan Year but was a Key Employee under the Plan for another prior
     Plan Year, his account shall not be considered.

          (d)  Benefits shall not be taken into account in determining the
     Top-Heavy ratio for any Employee who has not performed services
     for the Employer during the last five-year period ending upon the
     Determination Date.  Effective January 1, 2002, this rule shall
     be applied by substituting "one-year period" for "five-year
     period".

     9.3  Vesting Restrictions if Plan Becomes Top-Heavy.  If a Member
has at least one Hour of Service during a Plan Year when the Plan
is a Top-Heavy Plan he shall either vest under each of the normal
vesting provisions of the Plan or under the following vesting
schedule, whichever is more favorable:

                                     Percentage of Amount Vested
                                        In Accounts Containing
Completed Years of Active Service       Employer Contributions

Less than two years                              0%
Two years but less than three years             20%
Three years but less than four years            40%
Four years but less than five years             60%
Five years but less than six years              80%
Six years or more                              100%

     If the Plan ceases to be a Top-Heavy Plan, this requirement shall
no longer apply.  After that date the normal vesting provisions
of the Plan shall be applicable to all subsequent Contributions
by the Employer.

     9.4  Minimum Contribution if Plan Becomes Top-Heavy.  If this
Plan is a Top-Heavy Plan and the normal allocation of the
Employer Contribution and forfeitures is less than 3% of any Non-
Key Employee Member's Annual Compensation, the Committee, without
regard to the normal allocation procedures, shall allocate the
Employer Contribution and the forfeitures among the Members who
are in the employ of the Employer at the end of the Plan Year
(even if the Member has less than 501 Hours of Service in the
Plan Year), in proportion to each Member's Annual Compensation as
compared to the total Annual Compensation of all Members for that
Plan Year until each Non-Key Employee Member has had an amount
equal to the lesser of (i) the highest rate of Contribution
applicable to any Key Employee, or (ii) 3% of his Annual
Compensation allocated to his Account.  At that time, any more
Employer Contributions or forfeitures shall be allocated under
the normal allocation procedures described earlier in this Plan.
Salary Deferral Contributions and Employer Matching Contributions
made on behalf of Key Employees are included in determining the
highest rate of Employer Contributions.  Salary Deferral
Contributions made on behalf of Non-Key Employees shall not be
included in determining the minimum contribution required under
this Section.  Employer Matching Contributions and amounts that
may be treated as Section 401(k) Contributions or Section 401(m)
Contributions, other than Qualified Nonelective Employer
Contributions, made on behalf of Non-Key Employees may not be
included in determining the minimum contribution required under
this Section to the extent that they are treated as
Section 401(m) Contributions or Section 401(k) Contributions for
purposes of the Actual Deferral Percentage test or the
Contribution Percentage test.

          In applying this restriction the following rules shall
     apply:

          (a)  Each Employee who is eligible for membership (without regard
     to whether he has made mandatory contributions, if any are
     required, or whether his compensation is less than a stated
     amount) shall be entitled to receive an allocation under this
     Section.

          (b)  All defined contribution plans required to be included in
     the Aggregation Group shall be treated as one plan for purposes
     of meeting the 3% maximum.  This required aggregation shall not
     apply if this Plan is also required to be included in an
     Aggregation Group which includes a defined benefit plan and this
     Plan enables that defined benefit plan to meet the requirements
     of sections 401(a)(4) or 410 of the Code.

     Effective January 1, 2002, Matching Contributions shall be
taken into account for purposes of satisfying the minimum
contribution requirements of section 416(c)(2) of the Code and
this Section.  The preceding sentence shall apply with respect to
Matching Contributions under the Plan.  Matching Contributions
that are used to satisfy the minimum contribution requirements
shall be treated as Matching Contributions for purposes of the
Actual Contribution Percentage test and other requirements of
section 401(m) of the Code.

     9.5  Coverage Under Multiple Top-Heavy Plans.  If this Plan is a
Top-Heavy Plan, it must meet the vesting and benefit requirements
described in this Article without taking into account
contributions or benefits under Chapter 2 of the Code (relating
to tax on self-employment income), Chapter 21 of the Code
(relating to Federal Insurance Contributions Act), Title II of
the Social Security Act or any other Federal or State law.

     If a Non-Key Employee is covered by both a Top-Heavy defined
contribution plan and a defined benefit plan, he shall receive
the defined benefit minimum, offset by the benefits provided
under the defined contribution plan.

                          ARTICLE X

                  ADMINISTRATION OF THE PLAN

     10.1  Appointment, Term of Service & Removal.  The Board of
Directors shall appoint a Committee to administer this Plan.  The
members shall serve until their resignation, death or removal.
Any member may resign at any time by mailing a written
resignation to the Board of Directors.  Any member may be removed
by the Board of Directors, with or without cause.  Vacancies may
be filled by the Board of Directors from time to time.  The Board
of Director's responsibility under ERISA is limited to the
selection and retention of Committee members.  Furthermore, the
Board of Directors specially allocates to the Committee pursuant
to ERISA 405(c) all fiduciary responsibilities for the
administration of the Plan so as to relieve the Board of
Directors from liability for any act or omission by the Committee
which results in a loss to the Plan because of the Committee's
actions or failure to act.

     10.2  Powers.  The Committee is a fiduciary.  It has the exclusive
responsibility for the general administration of the Plan and
Trust, and has all powers necessary to accomplish that purpose,
including but not limited to the following rights, powers, and
authorities:
          (a)  to make rules for administering the Plan and Trust so long
     as they are not inconsistent with the terms of the Plan;

          (b)  to construe all provisions of the Plan and Trust;

          (c)  to correct any defect, supply any omission, or reconcile any
     inconsistency which may appear in the Plan or Trust;

          (d)  to select, employ, and compensate at any time any
     consultants, actuaries, accountants, attorneys, and other agents
     and employees the Committee believes necessary or advisable for
     the proper administration of the Plan and Trust; any firm or
     person selected may be a disqualified person but only if the
     requirements of section 4975(d) of the Code have been met;

          (e)  to determine all questions relating to eligibility, Active
     Service, Compensation, allocations and all other matters relating
     to the amount of benefits and any one or more Members' or Former
     Members' entitlement to benefits and to determine when it is
     required under the Plan to treat a Former Member as a Member;

          (f)  to determine all controversies relating to the
     administration of the Plan and Trust, including but not limited
     to any differences of opinion arising between an Employer and the
     Trustee or a Member or Former Member, or any combination of them
     and any questions it believes advisable for the proper
     administration of the Plan and Trust;

          (g)  to direct or to appoint an investment manager or managers
     who can direct the Trustee in all matters relating to the
     investment, reinvestment and management of the Trust Fund;

          (h)  to direct the Trustee in all matters relating to the payment
     of Plan benefits;

          (i)  to delegate any clerical or recordation duties of the
     Committee as the Committee believes is advisable to properly
     administer the Plan and Trust; and

          (j)  to make any other determination of any fact or any decision
     as to any aspect of the administration of the Plan and Trust that
     is appropriate in its general administration of the Plan and
     Trust.

     10.3 Organization.  The Committee may select, from among its
members, a chairman, and may select a secretary.  The secretary
need not be a member of the Committee.  The secretary shall keep
all records, documents and data pertaining to its administration
of the Plan and Trust.

     10.4 Quorum and Majority Action.  A majority of the Committee
constitutes a quorum for the transaction of business.  The vote
of a majority of the members present at any meeting shall decide
any question brought before that meeting.  In addition, the
Committee may decide any question by a vote, taken without a
meeting, of a majority of its members.

     10.5 Signatures.  The chairman, the secretary and any one or more
of the members of the Committee to which the Committee has
delegated the power shall each, severally, have the power to
execute any document on behalf of the Committee, and to execute
any certificate or other written evidence of the action of the
Committee.  The Trustee, after it is notified of any delegation
of power in writing, shall accept and may rely upon any document
executed by the appropriate member or members as representing the
action of the Committee until the Committee files a written
revocation of that delegation of power with the Trustee.

     10.6 Disqualification of Committee Member.  A member of the
Committee who is also a Member of this Plan shall not vote or act
upon any matter relating solely to himself.

     10.7 Disclosure to Members.  The Committee shall make available
to each Member and Beneficiary for his examination those records,
documents and other data required under ERISA, but only at
reasonable times during business hours.  No Member or Beneficiary
has the right to examine any data or records reflecting the
compensation paid to any other Member or Beneficiary.  The
Committee is not required to make any other data or records
available other than those required by ERISA.

     10.8 Standard of Performance.  The Committee and each of its
members:  (a) shall use the care, skill, prudence and diligence
under the circumstances then prevailing that a prudent man,
acting in a like capacity and familiar with such matters, would
use in conducting his business as the administrator of the Plan,
(b) shall, when exercising its power to direct investments,
diversify the investments of the Plan so as to minimize the risk
of large losses, unless under the circumstances it is clearly
prudent not to do so, and (c) shall otherwise comply with the
provisions of this Plan and ERISA.

     10.9 Liability of Committee and Liability Insurance.  No member
of the Committee shall be liable for any act or omission of any
other member of the Committee, the Trustee, any investment
manager appointed by the Committee or any other agent appointed
by the Committee unless required by the terms of ERISA or another
applicable state or federal law under which liability cannot be
waived.  No member of the Committee shall be liable for any act
or omission of his own unless required by ERISA or another
applicable state or federal law under which liability cannot be
waived.

     If the Committee directs the Trustee to do so, it may
purchase out of the Trust Fund insurance for the members of the
Committee, for any other fiduciaries appointed by the Committee
and for the Trust Fund itself to cover liability or losses
occurring because of the act or omission of any one or more of
the members of the Committee or any other fiduciary appointed
under this Plan.  But, that insurance must permit recourse by the
insurer against the members of the Committee or the other
fiduciaries concerned if the loss is caused by breach of a
fiduciary obligation by one or more members of the Committee or
other fiduciary.

     10.10 Exemption from Bond.  No member of the Committee is
required to give bond for the performance of his duties unless
required by a law which cannot be waived.

     10.11 Compensation.  The Committee shall serve without
compensation but shall be reimbursed by the Employer for all
expenses properly incurred in the performance of their duties
unless the Sponsor elects to have those expenses paid from the
Trust Fund.  Each Employer shall pay that part of the expense as
determined by the Committee in its sole judgment.

     10.12 Persons Serving in Dual Fiduciary Roles.  Any person,
group of persons, corporations, firm or other entity, may serve
in more than one fiduciary capacity with respect to this Plan,
including serving as both Trustee and as a member of the
Committee.

     10.13 Administrator.  For all purposes of ERISA, the
administrator of the Plan is the Committee.  The administrator
has the final responsibility for compliance with all reporting
and disclosure requirements imposed under all applicable federal
or state laws and regulations.

     10.14 Standard of Judicial Review of Committee Actions.  The
Committee has full and absolute discretion in the exercise of
each and every aspect of the rights, power, authority and duties
retained or granted it under the Plan, including without
limitation, the authority to determine all facts, to interpret
this Plan, to apply the terms of this Plan to the facts
determined, to make decisions based upon those facts and to make
any and all other decisions required of it by this Plan, such as
the right to benefits, the correct amount and form of benefits,
the determination of any appeal, the review and correction of the
actions of any prior administrative committee, and the other
rights, powers, authority and duties specified in this Article
and elsewhere in this Plan.  Notwithstanding any provision of
law, or any explicit or implicit provision of this document, any
action taken, or finding, interpretation, ruling or decision made
by the Committee in the exercise of any of its rights, powers,
authority or duties under this Plan shall be final and conclusive
as to all parties, including without limitation all Members,
Former Members and Beneficiaries, regardless of whether the
Committee or one or more of its members may have an actual or
potential conflict of interest with respect to the subject matter
of the action, finding, interpretation, ruling or decision.  No
final action, finding, interpretation, ruling or decision of the
Committee shall be subject to de novo review in any judicial
proceeding.  No final action, finding, interpretation, ruling or
decision of the Committee may be set aside unless it is held to
have been arbitrary and capricious by a final judgment of a court
having jurisdiction with respect to the issue.

10.15 Officer Status.  An officer of the Sponsor shall not be
a fiduciary under ERISA with respect to the Plan solely by reason
of holding such office.  An officer of the Sponsor shall only
become an ERISA fiduciary to the extent he is specially allocated
fiduciary duties as described in ERISA 3(21)(A) and acknowledges
in writing his ERISA fiduciary role and responsibilities.

                       ARTICLE XI

              TRUST FUND AND CONTRIBUTIONS

     11.1 Funding of Plan.  This Plan shall be funded by one or more
separate Trusts.  If more than one Trust is used, each Trust
shall be designated by the name of the Plan followed by a number
assigned by the Committee at the time the Trust is established.

     11.2 Incorporation of Trust.  Each Trust is a part of this Plan.
All rights or benefits which accrue to a person under this Plan
shall be subject also to the terms of the agreements creating the
Trust or Trusts and any amendments to them which are not in
direct conflict with this Plan.

     11.3 Authority of Trustee.  Each Trustee shall have full title
and legal ownership of the assets in the separate Trust which,
from time to time, is in his separate possession.  No other
Trustee shall have joint title to or joint legal ownership of any
asset in one of the other Trusts held by another Trustee.  Each
Trustee shall be governed separately by the trust agreement
entered into between the Employer and that Trustee and the terms
of this Plan without regard to any other agreement entered into
between any other Trustee and the Employer as a part of this
Plan.

     11.4 Allocation of Responsibility.  To the fullest extent
permitted under section 405 of ERISA, the agreements entered into
between the Employer and each of the Trustees shall be
interpreted to allocate to each Trustee its specific
responsibilities, obligations and duties so as to relieve all
other Trustees from liability either through the agreement, Plan
or ERISA, for any act of any other Trustee which results in a
loss to the Plan because of his act or failure to act.

                        ARTICLE XII

             ADOPTION OF PLAN BY OTHER EMPLOYERS

     12.1 Adoption Procedure.  Any business organization may, with the
approval of the Board of Directors, adopt this Plan by:

          (a)  adopting a resolution or executing a consent of the board of
     directors of the adopting Employer or executing an adoption
     instrument (approved by the board of directors of the adopting
     Employer) agreeing to be bound as an Employer by all the terms,
     conditions and limitations of this Plan except those, if any,
     specifically described in the adoption instrument; and

          (b)  providing all information required by the Committee and the
     Trustee.

     An adoption may be retroactive to the beginning of a Plan
Year if these conditions are complied with on or before the last
day of that Plan Year.

     12.2 No Joint Venture Implied.  The document which evidences the
adoption of the Plan by an Employer shall become a part of this
Plan.  However, neither the adoption of this Plan and its related
Trust Fund by an Employer nor any act performed by it in relation
to this Plan and its related Trust Fund shall ever create a joint
venture or partnership relation between it and any other
Employer.

     12.3 All Trust Assets Available to Pay All Benefits.  The
Accounts of Members employed by the Employers which adopt this
Plan shall be commingled for investment purposes.  All assets in
the Trust Fund shall be available to pay benefits to all Members
employed by any Employer which is an Affiliated Employer with the
first Employer.

     12.4 Qualification a Condition Precedent to Adoption and
Continued Participation.  The adoption of this Plan and the Trust
or Trusts used to fund this Plan by a business organization is
contingent upon and subject to the express condition precedent
that the initial adoption meets all statutory and regulatory
requirements for qualification of the Plan and the exemption of
the Trust or Trusts and that the Plan and the Trust or Trusts
that are applicable to it continue in operation to maintain their
qualified and exempt status.  In the event the adoption fails to
initially qualify and be exempt, the adoption shall fail
retroactively for failure to meet the condition precedent and the
portion of the Trust Fund applicable to the adoption shall be
immediately returned to the adopting business organization and
the adoption shall be void ab initio.  In the event the adoption
as to a given business organization later becomes disqualified
and loses its exemption for any reason, the adoption shall fail
retroactively for failure to meet the condition precedent and the
portion of the Trust Fund allocable to the adoption by that
business organization shall be immediately spun off,
retroactively as of the last date for which the Plan qualified,
to a separate Trust for its sole benefit and an identical but
separate Plan shall be created, retroactively effective as of the
last date the Plan as adopted by that business organization
qualified, for the benefit of the Members covered by that
adoption.

                           ARTICLE XIII

             AMENDMENT AND WITHDRAWAL OR TERMINATION

PART A.                     AMENDMENT

     13.1 Right to Amend.  The Sponsor has the sole right to amend
this Plan.  An amendment may be made by adopting a resolution or
executing a consent of the Board of Directors, or by the
appropriate officer of the Sponsor executing an amendment
document.

     13.2 Limitation on Amendments.  No amendment shall:

          (a)  vest in an Employer any interest in the Trust Fund;

          (b)  cause or permit the Trust Fund to be diverted to any purpose
     other than the exclusive benefit of the present or future Members
     and their Beneficiaries except under the circumstances described
     in Section 4.21;

          (c)  decrease the Account of any Member or eliminate an optional
     form of payment as to amounts then accrued;

          (d)  increase substantially the duties or liabilities of the
     Trustee without its written consent; or

          (e)  change the vesting schedule to one which would result in the
     nonforfeitable percentage of the Account derived from Employer
     Contributions (determined as of the later of the date of the
     adoption of the amendment or of the effective date of the
     amendment) of any Member being less than the nonforfeitable
     percentage computed under the Plan without regard to the
     amendment.  If the Plan's vesting schedule is amended, if the
     Plan is amended in any other way that affects the computation of
     the Member's nonforfeitable percentage, or if the Plan is deemed
     amended by an automatic change to or from a Top-Heavy vesting
     schedule, each Member with at least three years of Service may
     elect, within a reasonable period after the adoption of the
     amendment or the change, to have the nonforfeitable percentage
     computed under the Plan without regard to the amendment or the
     change.  The election period shall begin no later than the date
     the amendment is adopted or deemed to be made and shall end no
     later than the latest of the following dates:  (1) 60 days after
     the date the amendment is adopted or deemed to be made, (2) 60
     days after the date the amendment becomes effective, or (3) 60
     days after the day the Member is issued written notice of the
     amendment.

     13.3 Each Employer Deemed to Adopt Amendment Unless Rejected.
Each Employer shall be deemed to have adopted any amendment made
by the Sponsor unless the Employer notifies the Committee of its
rejection in writing within 30 days after it is notified of the
amendment.  A rejection shall constitute a withdrawal from this
Plan by that Employer unless the Sponsor acquiesces in the
rejection.

     13.4 Amendment Applicable Only to Members Still Employed Unless
Amendment Specifically Provides Otherwise.  No benefit for any
person who died, retired, became disabled or separated shall be
affected by a subsequent amendment unless the amendment
specifically provides otherwise and the person consents to its
application.  Instead, those persons who died, retired, became
disabled or separated prior to the execution of an amendment
shall be entitled to the benefit as adjusted from time to time as
was provided by the Plan at the time the person first became
entitled to his benefit.

     13.5 Mandatory Amendments.  The Contributions of each Employer to
this Plan are intended to be:

          (a)  deductible under the applicable provisions of the Code;

          (b)  except as otherwise prescribed by applicable law, exempt
     from the Federal Social Security Act;

          (c)  except as otherwise prescribed by applicable law, exempt
     from withholding under the Code; and

          (d)  excludable from any Employee's regular rate of pay, as that
     term is defined under the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938, as
     amended.

     The Sponsor shall make any amendment necessary to carry out
this intention, and it may be made retroactively.

PART B.               WITHDRAWAL OR TERMINATION

     13.6 Withdrawal of Employer.  An Employer may withdraw from this
Plan and its related Trust Fund if the Sponsor does not acquiesce
in its rejection of an amendment or by giving written notice of
its intent to withdraw to the Committee.  The Committee shall
then determine the portion of the Trust Fund that is attributable
to the Members employed by the withdrawing Employer and shall
notify the Trustee to segregate and transfer those assets to the
successor Trustee or Trustees when it receives a designation of
the successor from the withdrawing Employer.

     A withdrawal shall not terminate the Plan and its related
Trust Fund with respect to the withdrawing Employer, if the
Employer either appoints a successor Trustee or Trustees and
reaffirms this Plan and its related Trust Fund as its new and
separate plan and trust intended to qualify under section 401(a)
of the Code, or establishes another plan and trust intended to
qualify under section 401(a) of the Code.

     The determination of the Committee, in its sole discretion,
of the portion of the Trust Fund that is attributable to the
Members employed by the withdrawing Employer shall be final and
binding upon all parties.  The Trustee's transfer of those assets
to the designated successor Trustee shall relieve the Trustee of
any further obligation, liability or duty to the withdrawing
Employer, the Members employed by that Employer and their
Beneficiaries, and the successor Trustee or Trustees.

     13.7 Termination of Plan.  The Sponsor may terminate this Plan
and its related Trust Fund with respect to all Employers by
executing and delivering to the Committee and the Trustee, a
notice of termination, specifying the date of termination.  Any
Employer may terminate this Plan and its related Trust Fund with
respect to itself by executing and delivering to the Trustee a
notice of termination, specifying the date of termination.
Likewise, this Plan and its related Trust Fund shall
automatically terminate with respect to any Employer if there is
a general assignment by that Employer to or for the benefit of
its creditors, or a liquidation or dissolution of that Employer
without a successor.  Upon the termination of this Plan as to an
Employer, the Trustee shall, subject to the provisions of
Section 13.9, distribute to each Member employed by the
terminating Employer the amount certified by the Committee to be
due the Member.

     The Employer should apply to the Internal Revenue Service
for a determination letter with respect to its termination, and
the Trustee should not distribute the Trust Funds until a
determination is received.  However, should it decide that a
distribution before receipt of the determination letter is
necessary or appropriate it should retain sufficient assets to
cover any tax that may become due upon that determination.

     13.8 100% Vesting Required on Partial or Complete Termination or
Complete Discontinuance.  Without regard to any other provision
of this Plan, if there is a partial or total termination of this
Plan or there is a complete discontinuance of the Employer's
Contributions, each of the affected Members shall immediately
become 100% vested in his Account as of the end of the last Plan
Year for which a substantial Employer Contribution was made and
in any amounts later allocated to his Account.  If the Employer
then resumes making substantial Contributions at any time, the
appropriate vesting schedule shall again apply to all amounts
allocated to each affected Member's Account beginning with the
Plan Year for which they were resumed.

     13.9 Distribution Upon Termination.  A Member may receive a
distribution on account of termination of this Plan if neither
the Employer nor any Affiliated Employer establishes or maintains
a successor plan within the period ending 12 months after all
assets are distributed from the Plan.  A successor plan for this
purpose is any other defined contribution plan except:  (a) an
employee stock ownership plan as defined in sections 4975(e) or
409 of the Code, (b) a simplified employee pension plan as
defined in section 408(k) of the Code, or (c) or a defined
contribution plan in which fewer than 2% of the Members of this
Plan were eligible to participate during the 24 month period
beginning 12 months before the time of this Plan's termination.
Any distribution on account of the termination of this Plan, must
be made only in the form of a lump sum payment or a Direct
Rollover, as elected by the Member.  If a Member is given the
opportunity but fails to make an election as to the form of
distribution, he shall be deemed to have elected a lump sum
distribution.

                           ARTICLE XIV

          SALE OF EMPLOYER OR SUBSTANTIALLY ALL OF ITS ASSETS

     14.1 Continuance Permitted Upon Sale or Transfer of Assets.  An
Employer's participation in this Plan and its related Trust Fund
shall not automatically terminate if it consolidates or merges
and is not the surviving corporation, sells substantially all of
its assets, is a party to a reorganization and its Employees and
substantially all of its assets are transferred to another
entity, liquidates, or dissolves, if there is a successor
organization.  Instead, the successor may assume and continue
this Plan and its related Trust Fund by executing a direction,
entering into a contractual commitment or adopting a resolution
providing for the continuance of the Plan and its related Trust
Fund.  Only upon the successor's rejection of this Plan and its
related Trust Fund or its failure to respond to the Employer's,
the Sponsor's or the Trustee's request that it affirm its
assumption of this Plan within 90 days of the request shall this
Plan automatically terminate.  In that event the appropriate
portion of the Trust Fund shall be distributed exclusively to the
Members or their Beneficiaries as soon as administratively
feasible.  If there is a disposition to an unrelated entity of
substantially all of the assets used by the Employer in a trade
or business or a disposition by the Employer of its interest in a
subsidiary, the Employer may make a lump sum distribution from
the Plan if it continues the Plan after the disposition; but the
distribution can only be made for those Members who continue
employment with the acquiring entity.

     14.2 Distributions Upon Disposition of Assets or a Subsidiary.  A
Member employed by an Employer that is a corporation is entitled
to receive a lump sum distribution of his interest in his
Accounts in the event of the sale or other disposition by the
Employer of at least 85% of all of the assets used by the
Employer in a trade or business to an unrelated corporation if
(a) the Employer continues to maintain the Plan after the
disposition and (b) in connection with the disposition the Member
is transferred to the employ of the corporation acquiring the
assets.

     A Member employed by an Employer that is a corporation is
entitled to receive a lump sum distribution of his interest in
his Accounts in the event of the sale or other disposition by the
Employer of its interest in a subsidiary (within the meaning of
section 409(d)(3) of the Code) to an unrelated entity or
individual if (a) the Employer continues to maintain the Plan
after the disposition and (b) in connection with the disposition
the Member continues employment with the subsidiary.

     The selling Employer is treated as continuing to maintain
the Plan after the disposition only if the purchaser does not
maintain the Plan after the disposition.  A purchaser is
considered to maintain the Plan if it adopts the Plan, becomes an
employer whose employees accrue benefits under the Plan, or if
the Plan is merged or consolidated with, or any assets or
liabilities are transferred from the Plan to a plan maintained by
the purchaser in a transaction subject to section 414(l)(1) of
the Code.

     An unrelated corporation, entity or individual is one that
is not required to be aggregated with the selling Employer under
section 414(b), (c), (m), or (o) of the Code after the sale or
other disposition.

     If a Member's Account balance is or is deemed to be
$5,000.00 or less determined under the rules set out in Section
6.11, the Committee will direct the Trustee to pay to the Member
a lump sum cash distribution of his Account balance as soon as
administratively practicable following the disposition and any
Internal Revenue Service approval of the distribution that the
Committee deems advisable to obtain.

     If it is or is deemed to be more than $5,000.00 at the date
of the disposition, he may elect (a) to receive a lump sum cash
distribution of his Account balance as soon as administratively
practicable following the disposition and receipt of any Internal
Revenue Service approval of the distribution that the Committee
deems advisable to obtain, or (b) he may elect to defer receipt
of his vested Account balance until the first day of the month
coincident with or next following the date that he attains
age 65.  In the manner and at the time required under Department
of Treasury regulations, the Committee will provide the Member
with a notice of his right to defer receipt of his Account
balance.

     However, no distribution shall be made to a Member under
this Section after the end of the second calendar year following
the calendar year in which the disposition occurred.  In
addition, no distribution shall be made under this Section unless
it is a lump sum distribution within the meaning of section
402(d)(4) of the Code, without regard to subparagraphs (A)(i)
through (iv), (B), and (F) of that section.

                             ARTICLE XV

                            MISCELLANEOUS

     15.1 Plan Not An Employment Contract.  The adoption and
maintenance of this Plan and its related Trust Fund is not a
contract between any Employer and its Employees which gives any
Employee the right to be retained in its employment.  Likewise,
it is not intended to interfere with the rights of any Employer
to discharge any Employee at any time or to interfere with the
Employee's right to terminate his employment at any time.

     15.2 Benefits Provided Solely From Trust.  All benefits payable
under this Plan shall be paid or provided for solely from the
Trust Fund.  No Employer assumes any liability or responsibility
to pay any benefit provided by the Plan.

     15.3 Anti-Alienation Provision.  No principal or income payable
or to become payable from the Trust Fund shall be subject:  to
anticipation or assignment by a Member or by a Beneficiary to
attachment by, interference with, or control of any creditor of a
Member or Beneficiary, or to being taken or reached by any legal
or equitable process in satisfaction of any debt or liability of
a Member or Beneficiary prior to its actual receipt by the Member
or Beneficiary.  An attempted conveyance, transfer, assignment,
mortgage, pledge, or encumbrance of the Trust Fund, any part of
it, or any interest in it by a Member or Beneficiary prior to
distribution shall be void, whether that conveyance, transfer,
assignment, mortgage, pledge, or encumbrance is intended to take
place or become effective before or after any distribution of
Trust assets or the termination of this Trust Fund itself.  The
Trustee shall never under any circumstances be required to
recognize any conveyance, transfer, assignment, mortgage, pledge
or encumbrance by a Member or Beneficiary of the Trust Fund, any
part of it, or any interest in it, or to pay any money or thing
of value to any creditor or assignee of a Member or Beneficiary
for any cause whatsoever. The prohibitions against the alienation
of a Member's Account shall not apply to:

          (a)  qualified domestic relations orders or domestic relations
     orders entered into prior to January 1, 1985, or

          (b)  any offset of a Member's Account under the Plan that the
     Member is ordered to pay to the Plan if (i) the order arises
     under a judgment of conviction of a crime involving the Plan, a
     civil judgment (including a consent decree) is entered by a court
     in connection with a violation (or alleged violation) of part 4
     of subtitle B of title I of ERISA, or is pursuant to a settlement
     agreement between the Secretary of Labor and the Member, or
     between the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation and the Member,
     in connection with a violation (or alleged violation) of part 4
     of such subtitle by a fiduciary or any other person, (ii) the
     judgment, order, decree or settlement agreement expressly
     provides for the offset of all or a part of the amount ordered or
     required to be paid to the Plan against the Member's Account
     balance under the Plan, and (iii) in a case in which the survivor
     annuity requirements of Section 401(a)(11) of the Code apply with
     respect to distributions, the requirements of
     Section 401(a)(13)(C)(iii) of the Code are satisfied.

     15.4 Requirements Upon Merger or Consolidation of Plans.  This
Plan shall not merge or consolidate with or transfer any assets
or liabilities to any other plan unless each Member would (if the
Plan then terminated) receive a benefit immediately after the
merger, consolidation, or transfer which is equal to or greater
than the benefit he would have been entitled to receive
immediately before the merger, consolidation, or transfer (if the
Plan had then terminated).

     15.5 Gender and Number.  If the context requires it, words of one
gender when used in this Plan shall include the other genders,
and words used in the singular or plural shall include the other.

     15.6 Severability.  Each provision of this Agreement may be
severed.  If any provision is determined to be invalid or
unenforceable, that determination shall not affect the validity
or enforceability of any other provision.

     15.7 Governing Law; Parties to Legal Actions.  The provisions of
this Plan shall be construed, administered, and governed under
the laws of the State of Texas and, to the extent applicable, by
the laws of the United States.  The Trustee or any Employer may
at any time initiate a legal action or proceeding for the
settlement of the account of the Trustee, or for the
determination of any question or for instructions.  The only
necessary parties to that action or proceeding are the Trustee
and the Employer concerned.  However, any other person or persons
may be included as parties defendant at the election of the
Trustee and the Employer.

                         ARTICLE XVI

             VOTING OF COMPANY STOCK AND TENDER OFFERS

     16.1 Voting of Company Stock.  The Sponsor may, in its sole
discretion, pass through voting rights relating to Company Stock
credited to Members' Accounts; should these voting rights be
passed through, the rules outlined in this Section 16.1 shall
govern the exercise of such rights. When the Sponsor files
preliminary or final proxy solicitation materials with the
Securities and Exchange Commission, the Sponsor or its designee
shall cause a copy of all materials to be simultaneously sent to
the Trustee.  Based on these materials, the Sponsor or its
designee shall prepare a voting instruction form.  At the time of
mailing of notice of each annual or special stockholders' meeting
of the Sponsor, the Sponsor or its designee shall cause a copy of
the notice and all proxy solicitation materials to be sent to
each Member with an interest in Company Stock held in the Trust,
together with the foregoing voting instruction form to be
returned to the Trustee or its designee.  The form shall show the
number of full and fractional shares of the Company Stock
credited to each Member's Account.  The Sponsor or its designee
shall provide the Trustee with a copy of any materials provided
to the Members and shall certify to the Trustee that the
materials have been mailed or otherwise sent to the Members.

     Each Member with an interest in Company Stock held in the
Trust shall have the right to direct the Trustee as to the manner
in which the Trustee is to vote the number of shares of the
Company Stock reflecting such Member's proportional interest in
the Company Stock held in the Trust (both vested and unvested).
Directions from a Member to the Trustee concerning the voting of
the Company Stock shall be communicated in writing, or by
mailgram or similar means to the Committee which will in turn
notify the Trustee.  These directions shall be held in confidence
by the Committee and the Trustee and shall not be divulged to the
Sponsor, or any officer or employee thereof, or any other person
(except to the extent such officer, employee or other person is a
Committee member or its designee).  Upon its receipt of the
directions, the Trustee shall vote the shares of the Company
Stock reflecting the Member's proportional interest in the
Company Stock held in the Trust as directed by the Member.  The
Trustee shall vote shares of the Company Stock reflecting such
Member's proportional interest in the Company Stock held in the
Trust (both vested and unvested) for which it has received no
directions from the Member in the same proportion on each issue
as it votes those shares for which it received voting directions
from Members.  The Trustee shall vote shares of the Company Stock
not credited to Members' Accounts in the same proportion on each
issue as it votes those shares credited to Members' Accounts for
which it received voting directions from Members.

     16.2 Tender Offers.  Upon commencement of a tender offer for any
securities held in the Trust that are the Company Stock, the
Sponsor or its designee shall notify each Member of the tender
offer and utilize its best efforts to timely distribute or cause
to be distributed to each Member the same information that is
distributed to other stockholders of the Sponsor in connection
with the tender offer, and, after consulting with the Trustee,
shall provide and pay for a means by which the Member may direct
the Trustee whether or not to tender the Company Stock credited
to the Member's vested and unvested Accounts.  The Sponsor or its
designee shall provide the Trustee with a copy of any material
provided to the Members and shall certify to the Trustee that the
materials have been mailed or otherwise sent to Members.

     Each Member shall have the right to direct the Trustee to
tender or not to tender some or all of the shares of the Company
Stock reflecting such Member's proportional interest in the
Company Stock held in the Trust (both vested and unvested).
Directions from a Member to the Trustee concerning the tender of
the Company Stock shall be communicated in writing, or by
mailgram or such similar means as is agreed upon by the Trustee
and the Sponsor under the preceding paragraph.  These directions
shall be held in confidence by the Committee and the Trustee and
shall not be divulged to the Sponsor, or any officer or employee
thereof, or any other person except to the extent that the
consequences of such directions are reflected in reports
regularly communicated to any such persons in the ordinary course
of the performance of the Trustee's services hereunder and except
to the extent such officer, employee or other person is a
Committee member or its designee.  The Trustee shall tender or
not tender shares of Company Stock as directed by the Member.  To
the extent that Members fail to affirmatively direct the Trustee
or fail to issue valid directions to the Trustee to tender shares
of the Company Stock credited to their Accounts, those Members
will be deemed to have instructed the Trustee not to tender those
shares.  Accordingly, the Trustee shall not tender shares of
Company Stock credited to a Member's Accounts for which it has
received no directions or invalid directions from the Member.

     The Trustee shall tender that number of shares of the
Company Stock not credited to Members' Accounts which is
determined by multiplying the total number of shares of the
Company Stock not credited to Members' accounts by a fraction of
which the numerator is the number of shares of the Company Stock
credited to Members' accounts for which the Trustee has received
valid directions from Members to tender (which directions have
not been withdrawn as of the date of this determination) and of
which the denominator is the total number of shares of the
Company Stock credited to Members' Accounts.

     A Member who has directed the Trustee to tender some or all
of the shares of the Company Stock credited to the Member's
accounts may, at any time prior to the tender offer withdrawal
date, direct the Trustee to withdraw some or all of the tendered
shares, and the Trustee shall withdraw the directed number of
shares from the tender offer prior to the tender offer withdrawal
deadline.  Prior to the withdrawal deadline, if any shares of the
Company Stock not credited to Members' Accounts have been
tendered, the Trustee shall redetermine the number of shares of
the Company Stock that would be tendered under this Section if
the date of the foregoing withdrawal were the date of
determination, and withdraw from the tender offer the number of
shares of the Company Stock not credited to Members' Accounts
necessary to reduce the amount of tendered Company Stock not
credited to Members' Accounts to the amount so redetermined.  A
Member shall not be limited as to the number of directions to
tender or withdraw that the Member may give to the Trustee.

     A direction by a Member to the Trustee to tender shares of
the Company Stock reflecting the Member's proportional interest
in the Company Stock held in the Trust shall not be considered a
written election under the Plan by the Member to withdraw, or
have distributed, any or all of his withdrawable shares.  The
Trustee shall credit to each proportional interest of the Member
from which the tendered shares were taken the proceeds received
by the Trustee in exchange for the shares of the Company Stock
tendered from that interest.

     16.3 Shares Credited.  For all purposes of this Article, the
number of shares of the Company Stock deemed credited to a
Member's Accounts as of the relevant date (the record date or the
date specified in the tender offer) shall be calculated by
reference to the number of shares reflected on the books of the
transfer agent as of the relevant date.  In the case of a tender,
the number of shares credited shall be determined as of a date as
close as administratively feasible to the relevant date.

     16.4 Conversion.  All provisions in this Article shall also apply
to any securities received as a result of a conversion of the
Company Stock.

     16.5 Named Fiduciary.  For purposes of ERISA, each Member shall
be the named fiduciary for purposes of Section 403(a)(1) of ERISA
in connection with the exercise of voting and tender offer rights
relating to shares of the Company Stock credited to the Member's
Accounts and any shares of the Company Stock not credited to the
Member's Accounts that may be affected by the Member's voting or
tender decision.


     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, EOG Resources, Inc. has caused this
Agreement to be executed this 10th day of December 2002, in
multiple counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an
original, to be effective the 1st day of January 2002, except for
those provisions which have an earlier effective date provided by
law, or as otherwise provided under applicable provisions of this
Plan.


                                EOG RESOURCES, INC.


                                By: /s/ PATRICIA EDWARDS
                                        Patricia Edwards

                                Title:  Vice President, Human Resources,
                                        Administration and Corporate Secretary

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
