<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>doc2.txt
<TEXT>
                                                                     Exhibit 2.1

                    ACQUISITION AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

ACQUISITION AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER (this "Agreement") made as of this 14th
                                                ---------
day  of  March,  2003,  by  and  among Kaire Holdings, Incorporated, an Delaware
corporation  having  its  principal place of business at 8135 Clybourn Ave., Sun
Valley,  CA  91352  ("KAHI"), KAHI Acquisition Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation
                      ----
("KAHI  SUB"),  and EntreMetrix, a Nevada corporation having its principal place
  ---------
of  business  at  18622 MacArthur Boulevard, 2nd Floor, Irvine, California 92612
("ENTR").
  ----

     CAPITALIZED  TERMS  USED  IN THIS AGREEMENT AND NOT OTHERWISE DEFINED SHALL
HAVE THE MEANINGS ASCRIBED TO SUCH TERMS IN SECTION 27.

     WHEREAS,  ENTR shall acquire 100% of the common stock of KAHI SUB, a wholly
owned  subsidiary  of  KAHI,  upon  the merger of KAHI SUB with and into ENTR in
exchange  for  a combination of a promissory note plus 250,000,000 of the issued
and  outstanding  shares  of  KAHI  Common  Stock.

     WHEREAS,  KAHI  is  authorized  to  issue  900,000,000 shares of its common
stock, par value $0.001 per share (the "KAHI Common Stock") of which 490,484,863
                                        -----------------
shares  are  issued  and  outstanding (the "Outstanding KAHI Common Stock"); and
                                            -----------------------------

     WHEREAS, KAHI SUB is a wholly owned subsidiary of KAHI and is authorized to
issue  200 shares of common stock, par value $.001 (referred to as the "KAHI SUB
                                                                        --------
Shares"), all of which such KAHI SUB Shares are issued and outstanding and owned
------
by  KAHI;  and

     WHEREAS,  the  respective  Boards of Directors of KAHI and KAHI SUB deem it
advisable and generally to the advantage and welfare of the Companies, and their
respective  shareholders,  that  (i) KAHI SUB be merged with and into ENTR under
the  terms  and  conditions hereinafter set forth (the "Merger") and to be a tax
free reorganization under Section 368(a)(1)(A) of the Code; and

     NOW,  THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises, covenants and conditions
hereof, the parties hereto do mutually agree as follows:

     1.     Vote  on  Merger  and Related Matters.  The Constituent Corporations
            -------------------------------------
shall  each, as soon as practicable, but prior to closing, and in no event later
than  10  days  after  the  execution  and  delivery hereof, (i) cause a special
meeting of its shareholders to be called to consider and vote upon the Merger on
the  terms  and conditions hereinafter set forth, or (ii) obtain written consent
of  such  shareholders,  as is necessary, to approve the Merger.  Subject to the
further  conditions  and  provisions  of this Agreement, a closing of the Merger
shall  be  held  (the  "Closing"),  and  a  certificate  of merger and all other
                        -------
documents  or  instruments deemed necessary or appropriate by the parties hereto
to  effect the Merger shall be executed and filed with the Secretaries of States
of  the  States  of Nevada and Delaware as promptly as possible thereafter.  The
certificate  of  merger  for  the  Merger (the "Certificate of Merger") so filed
                                                ---------------------
shall  be  substantially in the forms of Exhibits A1 and A2 annexed hereto, with
                                         ------------------
such  changes therein as the Boards of Directors of the Constituent Corporations
shall  mutually  approve.

     2.     Representations,  Warranties  and  Covenants of ENTR.   ENTR and the
            -----------------------------------------------------
ENTR  Shareholders,  jointly  and  severally, represent, warrant and covenant as
follows,  except  to  the  extent  set forth on the ENTR Schedule of Exceptions:

          (a)     ENTR  is,  and on the Effective Date will be, a duly organized
     and  a  validly  existing  corporation  in  good standing under the laws of
     Nevada  and  in such other jurisdictions as it is qualified to do business.
     Each  ENTR  Shareholder,  including the name of the Shareholder and address
     for  notice of the applicable Shareholder is set forth on the ENTR Schedule
     of  Exceptions  ("Outstanding ENTR Shareholder Interests"). All Outstanding
                       --------------------------------------
     ENTR Shareholder Interests, on the Effective Date, will be duly authorized,
     validly  issued,  fully  paid  and  nonassessable. There are no, and on the
     Effective  Date  there will be no, issued or outstanding rights, options or
     warrants to purchase any equity interest in ENTR, including but not limited
     to  any  Shareholder  interests  of ENTR or any other issued or outstanding
     securities  of  any  nature convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable
     for  Shareholder  interests  of  ENTR,  as  applicable.


<PAGE>
     The Outstanding ENTR Shareholder Interests have all been issued pursuant to
     an  appropriate  exemption  from  the  registration  requirements  of  the
     Securities  Act  and  from  any applicable registration requirements of the
     various  states.

          (b)     ENTR  does  not have, and on the Effective Date will not have,
     any  subsidiaries,  nor  does it own any direct or indirect interest in any
     other  business  entity.

          (c)     ENTR  has, and on the Effective Date will have, full power and
     authority  to enter into this Agreement and, subject to any required Member
     or  other  third party approval in accordance with the laws of the State of
     California,  to  consummate  the  transactions  contemplated  hereby.  This
     Agreement  and  the transactions contemplated hereby have been, or shall be
     within  24  hours  of the execution of this Agreement, duly approved by the
     ENTR  Board  of  Directors  and  Shareholders.

          (d)     ENTR  is qualified or licensed as a foreign corporation in all
     jurisdictions where its business or ownership of assets so requires, except
     where  the  failure  to  be qualified or licensed would not have a material
     adverse  effect  on  the  business  of  ENTR. The business of ENTR does not
     require it to be registered as an investment company or investment advisor,
     as  such terms are defined under the Investment Company Act of 1940 and the
     Investment  Advisers  Act  of  1940,  each  as  amended.

          (e)     The  financial  statements  of ENTR, consisting of its Balance
     Sheets  as  of  ENTR's  fiscal year-end December 31, 2002, its Statement of
     Income  (Loss)  for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2002, its Statements
     of  Cash  Flows  for  the  fiscal  year  ended December 31, 2002, have been
     audited  by independent public accountants and fairly present the financial
     position, results of operations and other information purported to be shown
     therein,  at  the  date and for the respective periods to which they apply.
     All  such  financial  statements  have  been  prepared  in  conformity with
     generally  accepted  accounting  principles consistently applied throughout
     the  periods  involved, and have been adjusted for all normal and recurring
     accruals.  All  such  financial  statements  (together,  the  "Financial
                                                                    ---------
     Statements")  are  acknowledged by the signatures to this Agreement to have
     ----------
     been  delivered to KAHI and are incorporated herein and made a part hereof.

          (f)     There  has  not been, and on the Effective Date there will not
     have  been  in the aggregate, any material adverse change in the condition,
     financial  or  otherwise,  of  ENTR  from  that  set forth in the Financial
     Statements.

          (g)     Except  for  transactions  occurring in the ordinary course of
     business, there has not been, and on the Effective Date there will not have
     been, any transactions involving ENTR since September 30, 2002 in an amount
     in  excess  of  $100,000.

          (h)     There  are,  and on the Effective Date will be, no liabilities
     (including,  but  not  limited  to, tax liabilities) or claims against ENTR
     (whether  such  liabilities or claims are contingent or absolute, direct or
     indirect,  matured or unmatured) not appearing on the Financial Statements,
     other than liabilities incurred in the ordinary course of business or taxes
     incurred  on  earnings  since  December  31,  2002.

           (i)     All federal, state, county and local income, excise, property
     and other tax or information returns required to be filed by ENTR have been
     filed,  and  all  required  taxes, fees or assessments have been paid or an
     adequate  reserve  therefore  has  been  established  in  the  Financial
     Statements. The federal income tax returns and state and foreign income tax
     returns  of  ENTR  have  not  been  audited  by the IRS or any other taxing
     authority  within  the  past five (5) years. Neither the IRS nor any state,
     local or other taxing authority has proposed any additional taxes, interest
     or penalties with respect to ENTR or any of their operations or businesses.
     There  are  no pending, or to the knowledge of ENTR, threatened, tax claims
     or  assessments,  and  there  are  no pending, or to the knowledge of ENTR,
     threatened,  tax examinations by any taxing authorities. ENTR has not given
     any  waivers  of  rights  (which  are currently in effect) under applicable
     statutes  of  limitations with respect to the federal income tax returns of
     ENTR,  for  any  year.

          (j)     Except as provided for in the Financial Statements, ENTR, has,
     and  on  the  Effective Date will have, good and marketable title to all of
     its  furniture,  fixtures,  equipment  and other assets as set forth in the
     Financial  Statements,  and  such  assets  are  owned free and clear of all
     security  interests, pledges, liens, restrictions and encumbrances of every
     kind  and  nature,  except  as  set  forth  in  the  Financial  Statements.


<PAGE>
          (k)     ENTR  is  the  owner  of  its  inventory  as  set forth in the
     Financial Statements and has good and marketable title thereto.

          (l)     The  accounts  receivable  as  set  forth  in  the  Financial
     Statements  represent  amounts  due  for goods sold or services rendered by
     ENTR  in the ordinary course of business and, except as reserved for in the
     Financial  Statements,  are collectable in the ordinary course of business.

          (m)     A  copy  of  all  agreements,  contracts,  arrangements,
     understandings  and  commitments, whether written or oral, to which ENTR is
     or  on the Effective Date will be, a party, or from which ENTR will receive
     substantial  benefits  and  which  are  material  to  ENTR  (collectively,
     "Contracts"),  have  been  delivered  to  KAHI and KAHI SUB. A list of such
      ---------
     Contracts  is  set  forth  on  the  ENTR Schedule of Exceptions, which such
     schedule  shall  be  amended at the Effective Date to reflect any Contracts
     entered  into  between  the date hereof and the Effective Date. ENTR is not
     now,  nor  will  be  on  the  Effective Date, in material default under any
     Contract.  The  validity,  enforceability,  and rights of ENTR contained in
     each  such  Contract  shall  not be adversely affected by the Merger or the
     transactions  contemplated  hereby  or  any  actions  taken  in furtherance
     hereof.

          (n)     There  are, and on the Effective Date there will be, no legal,
     administrative,  arbitral  or  other  proceedings,  claims,  actions  or
     governmental  investigations of any nature pending, or to ENTR's knowledge,
     as applicable, threatened, involving ENTR, individually or in the aggregate
     in  which  an  unfavorable  determination  could  result  in  suspension or
     termination of ENTR's business or authority to conduct such business in any
     jurisdiction  or  could  result in the payment by ENTR of more than $25,000
     individually  or  $100,000 in the aggregate, or challenging the validity or
     propriety of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and, to ENTR's
     best  knowledge,  there  is  no  reasonable  basis for any such proceeding,
     claim,  action  or  governmental  investigation. ENTR is not a party to any
     order,  judgment  or decree which will, or might reasonably be expected to,
     materially adversely affect the business, operations, properties, assets or
     financial  condition  of  ENTR.

          (o)     Since  December  31,  2002  there  have  been, and through the
     Effective  Date  there will be (i) no bonuses or extraordinary compensation
     to  any  of the officers, Managing Member or Members, (ii) no loans made to
     or  any  other  transactions  with  any of the officers, Managing Member or
     Members  or  their  families, and (iii) no dividends or other distributions
     declared  or  paid  by  ENTR.

          (p)     ENTR  has,  and  on  the  Effective Date will have, maintained
     casualty  and  liability policies and other insurance policies with respect
     to  its business which are appropriate and customary for businesses similar
     in  size,  industry  and  risk  profile.  Copies  of all of the policies of
     insurance  and  bonds  presently  in  force with respect to ENTR, including
     without  limitation  those  covering  properties,  buildings,  machinery,
     equipment,  worker's  compensation,  officers  and  directors  and  public
     liability,  have been delivered to KAHI and KAHI SUB. All such insurance is
     outstanding  and  in  full force and effect, with all premiums thereon duly
     paid,  and  ENTR  has  not  received any notice of cancellation of any such
     policies.

          (q)     ENTR  has,  and  on  the Effective Date will have, no patents,
     patent  applications,  trademarks, trademark registrations or applications,
     trade  names, copyrights, copyright registrations or applications, or other
     intellectual property. ENTR does not have knowledge of any infringements by
     it  of  any  third  party's  intellectual  property.

          (r)     Since  its inception, ENTR has, and on the Effective Date will
     have,  in  all  material  respects  operated its business and conducted its
     affairs  in  compliance  with  all  applicable laws, rules and regulations,
     except  where  the  failure  to  so  comply  did  not have and would not be
     expected  to  have  a  material adverse effect on its business or property.

          (s)     There  are, and on the Effective Date there will be, no loans,
     leases or other Contracts outstanding between ENTR and any of its officers,
     directors  or  any other Shareholder or any person related to or affiliated
     with  any  such  officers  or  director  or  any  other  Shareholder.

          (t)     During  the past five year period neither ENTR, nor any of its
     officers  or  directors,  nor  any person intended upon consummation of the
     Merger  to  become  an  officer  or  director of either ENTR or KAHI or any
     successor  entity  or  subsidiary,  has  been  the  subject  of:


<PAGE>
               (i)     a petition under the Federal bankruptcy laws or any other
          insolvency  or  moratorium  law  or  has  a  receiver, fiscal agent or
          similar officer been appointed by a court for the business or property
          of  ENTR  or such person, or any partnership in which ENTR or any such
          person was a general partner at or within two years before the time of
          such  filing, or any corporation or business association of which ENTR
          or  any  such  person  was an executive officer at or within two years
          before  the  time  of  such  filing;

               (ii)     a conviction in a criminal proceeding or a named subject
          of  a  pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations which
          do  not  relate  to  driving  while  intoxicated  or driving under the
          influence);

               (iii)     any  order,  judgment  or  decree,  not  subsequently
          reversed,  suspended  or  vacated,  of  any  court  of  competent
          jurisdiction,  permanently  or  temporarily enjoining ENTR or any such
          person  from,  or  otherwise  limiting,  the  following  activities:

                    (A)  acting  as  a  futures commission merchant, introducing
               broker, commodity trading advisor, commodity pool operator, floor
               broker, leverage transaction merchant, any other person regulated
               by  the  United  States  Commodity  Futures  Trading  Commission
               ("CFTC")  or  an associated person of any of the foregoing, or as
                 ----
               an  investment  adviser,  underwriter,  broker  or  dealer  in
               securities,  or  as an affiliated person, director or employee of
               any  investment  company,  bank,  savings and loan association or
               insurance  company,  or  engaging in or continuing any conduct or
               practice  in  connection  with  such  activity;

                    (B)     engaging  in  any  type  of  business  practice;  or

                    (C)     engaging  in  any  activity  in  connection with the
               purchase  or  sale  of any security or commodity or in connection
               with  any violation of Federal, state or other securities laws or
               commodities  laws;

               (iv)     any  order,  judgment  or  decree,  not  subsequently
          reversed,  suspended  or  vacated,  of  any  Federal,  state  or local
          authority  barring,  suspending or otherwise limiting for more than 60
          days  the  right  of ENTR or any such person to engage in any activity
          described  in  the  preceding  sub-paragraph, or to be associated with
          persons  engaged  in  any  such  activity;

               (v)     a finding by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil
          action  or  by  the  Commission  to  have violated any securities law,
          regulation  or decree and the judgment in such civil action or finding
          by  the  Commission  has  not been subsequently reversed, suspended or
          vacated;  or

               (vi)     a  finding  by  a  court  of competent jurisdiction in a
          civil  action  or by the CFTC to have violated any federal commodities
          law,  and the judgment in such civil action or finding by the CFTC has
          not  been  subsequently  reversed,  suspended  or  vacated.

          (u)     ENTR does not have any pension plan, profit sharing or similar
     employee  benefit  plan.

          (v)     Except  for  the  consent  and approval of the Members and the
     filing  of  the  Certificate  of  Merger,  no  consents or approvals of, or
     filings  or  registrations  with,  any  third  party  or any public body or
     authority  are  necessary in connection with (i) the execution and delivery
     by  ENTR  of this Agreement and (ii) the consummation by ENTR of the Merger
     and  by  ENTR of all other transactions contemplated hereby. This Agreement
     has  been  duly  executed  and delivered by ENTR and constitutes the legal,
     valid  and binding obligation of ENTR, enforceable against it in accordance
     with  the terms hereof, except as may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency,
     reorganization,  moratorium or similar laws of general application relating
     to  or  affecting the enforcement of rights hereunder or general principles
     of  equity  (regardless  of  whether such enforceability is considered in a
     proceeding  in  equity  or  at  law).

          (w)     ENTR knows of no person who rendered any service in connection
     with  the  introduction  of  KAHI,  KAHI  SUB  or  ENTR to any of the other
     companies,  and  they  know  of  no claim by anyone for a "finder's fee" or
     similar  type  of  fee  in  connection  with  the  Merger  and  the  other
     transactions  contemplated


<PAGE>
     hereby  (See "Conflict of Interest and ENTR Ownership Disclosure" on Page 1
     of  this  Agreement.

          (x)     No  employees  of  ENTR  are on strike or to the best of their
     knowledge  threatening  any strike or work stoppage. ENTR does not have any
     obligations  under  any collective bargaining or labor union agreements nor
     is  ENTR  involved in any material controversy with any of its employees or
     any  organization  representing  any  of  its  employees.

          (y)     None of the information supplied or to be supplied by or about
     ENTR  for  inclusion  or  incorporation  by  reference  in  any information
     supplied  to  holders  of KAHI Common Stock concerning the Merger, contains
     any untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state any material fact
     required  to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements
     therein,  in  light  of  the  circumstances  under which they are made, not
     misleading.

          (z)     The  execution  and  delivery  by  ENTR of this Agreement, the
     consummation  and  performance of the transactions herein contemplated, and
     compliance with the terms of this Agreement by ENTR will not conflict with,
     result in a breach of or constitute or give rise to a default under (i) any
     indenture,  mortgage,  deed  of  trust  or  other  agreement, instrument or
     Contract  to  which ENTR is now a party or by which it or any of its assets
     or  properties  are bound; (ii) the Articles of Incorporation or the bylaws
     of  ENTR  (a  copy  of  both of which are attached hereto), in each case as
     amended;  or  (iii)  any  law,  order,  rule, regulation, writ, injunction,
     judgment  or  decree  of  any  government,  governmental instrumentality or
     court,  domestic  or  foreign,  having jurisdiction over ENTR or any of its
     business  or  properties  wherein such breach could have a material adverse
     effect  on  ENTR  or  any  of  its  business  or  properties.

          (aa)     To the best of its knowledge, ENTR is not in violation of any
     federal, state or local environmental law or regulation.

     3.   Representations  and  Warranties  of KAHI SUB. KAHI SUB represents and
          ----------------------------------------------
warrants as follows:

          (a)     KAHI  SUB  is,  and  on  the  Effective  Date  will be, a duly
     organized  and validly existing corporation in good standing under the laws
     of  the State of Delaware, authorized to issue only the KAHI SUB Shares. On
     the Effective Date there will be issued and outstanding all of the KAHI SUB
     Shares,  which shall be fully paid and nonassessable and all of which shall
     be  owned by KAHI. There are no, and on the Effective Date there will be no
     issued  or  outstanding  options or warrants to purchase KAHI SUB Shares or
     any  issued  or  outstanding securities of any nature convertible into KAHI
     SUB  Shares,  or  any  agreements  or  understandings to issue any KAHI SUB
     Shares,  options  or  warrants.

          (b)     KAHI  SUB  has  been  organized  solely  for  the  purpose  of
     consummating  the  Merger  and,  since  its  inception, has had no business
     activity  of  any nature other than those related to its organization or as
     contemplated  by  this  Agreement.

          (c)     KAHI  SUB has, and on the Effective Date will have, full power
     and  authority  to  enter  into  this  Agreement  and  to  consummate  the
     transactions  contemplated  hereby.  This  Agreement  and  the transactions
     contemplated  hereby  have  been duly approved by the Board of Directors of
     KAHI  SUB.

          (d)     Since  its  inception,  KAHI  SUB  has not issued or committed
     itself  to  issue,  and  to  the Effective Date will not issue or commit to
     issue,  any  KAHI  SUB  Shares  or  any options, rights, warrants, or other
     securities convertible into KAHI SUB Shares, except for the issuance of the
     KAHI  SUB  Shares  to  KAHI.

          (e)     Except  for  the  consent  and approval of the shareholders of
     KAHI  SUB,  and  the  filing  of  the Certificate of Merger, no consents or
     approvals  of,  or  filings  or  registrations with, any third party or any
     public body or authority are necessary in connection with (i) the execution
     and  delivery  by  KAHI  SUB of this Agreement and (ii) the consummation by
     KAHI  SUB  of  the  Merger  and the other transactions contemplated hereby.

          (f)     The  execution and delivery by KAHI SUB of this Agreement, the
     consummation  and  performance of the transactions herein contemplated, and
     compliance  with  the terms of this Agreement by KAHI SUB will not conflict
     with,  result  in a breach of or constitute or give rise to a default under


<PAGE>
     any  indenture,  mortgage,  deed of trust or other agreement, instrument or
     contract  to  which  KAHI  SUB  is now a party or by which it or any of its
     assets  or  properties are bound or its Certificate of Incorporation or the
     bylaws of KAHI SUB as amended, or any law, order, rule or regulation, writ,
     injunction,  judgment  or  decree  of  any  government,  governmental
     instrumentality  or  court,  domestic  or foreign, having jurisdiction over
     KAHI  SUB  or  any  of  its  businesses  or  properties.

          (g)     KAHI  SUB  is,  and  on  the  Effective  Date  will  be  duly
     authorized,  qualified,  and  licensed  under  any and all applicable laws,
     regulations,  ordinances,  or  orders of public authorities to carry on its
     business  in  the  places  and  in  the manner as presently conducted or as
     contemplated  in  this Agreement. The business of KAHI SUB does not require
     it  to be registered as an investment company or investment adviser as such
     terms  are  defined  under  the  Investment  Company Act and the Investment
     Advisers  Act  of  1940,  each  as  amended.

          (h)     KAHI  SUB  has,  and  on  the  Effective  Date  will  have  no
     subsidiaries.

          (i)     Except  for (i) the incurring of expenses of its organization,
     (ii)  the  issuance  of the KAHI SUB Shares to KAHI, (iii) the incurring of
     expenses  relating  to  this  Agreement  and  the  consummation  of  the
     transactions  contemplated  by this Agreement, and (iv) the consummation of
     the  Merger,  KAHI  SUB has had, and on the Effective Date will have had no
     business  and  no financial or other transactions of any nature whatsoever.

          (j)     KAHI  SUB  has,  and  on  the  Effective  Date  will  have  no
     liabilities (including, but not limited to, tax liabilities) nor are there,
     or  on  the  Effective  Date  will  there  be,  any claims against KAHI SUB
     (whether  such  liabilities or claims are contingent or absolute, direct or
     indirect,  and  matured  or  unmatured)  except  for  liabilities  for  its
     organization  expenses  or expenses incurred in connection with the Merger.

          (k)     KAHI SUB has, and on the Effective Date will have no fixtures,
     furniture,  equipment,  inventory  or  accounts  receivable.

          (l)     KAHI SUB has, and on the Effective Date will have no contracts
     and  commitments  to which it is, or on the Effective Date will be a party,
     except  for this Agreement and other documents and instruments contemplated
     hereby  in  connection  with  the  Merger.

          (m)     There  are,  and on the Effective Date there will be no legal,
     administrative,  arbitral  or  other  proceedings,  claims,  actions  or
     governmental  investigations of any nature against KAHI SUB, or challenging
     the  validity  or  propriety  of  the  transactions  contemplated  by  this
     Agreement  and,  to KAHI SUB's best knowledge, there is no reasonable basis
     for  any  other  proceeding,  claim,  action  or governmental investigation
     against  KAHI SUB. KAHI SUB is not a party to any order, judgment or decree
     which will, or might reasonably be expected to, materially adversely affect
     the business, operations, properties, assets or financial condition of KAHI
     SUB.

          (n)     Since  the  inception  of KAHI SUB there have been, and to the
     Effective  Date  there  will  be  (i)  no salaried or otherwise compensated
     employees  and no bonuses paid to any officer or director of KAHI SUB; (ii)
     no  loans  made to or any transactions with any officer or director of KAHI
     SUB;  (iii)  no  dividends  or other distributions declared or paid by KAHI
     SUB;  and  (iv)  no  purchase  by  KAHI  SUB  of  any  KAHI  SUB  Shares.

          (o)     Since  its  inception,  KAHI  SUB  has not issued or committed
     itself  to issue, and to the Effective Date will not issue or commit itself
     to  issue  any  KAHI  SUB shares or any options, rights, warrants, or other
     securities  convertible into KAHI SUB Shares except for the issuance of the
     KAHI  SUB  Shares  to  KAHI.

          (p)     KAHI  SUB  has  no  patents,  patent applications, trademarks,
     trademark registrations, tradenames, copyrights, copyright registrations or
     applications  therefor.

          (q)     Since  its  inception, KAHI SUB has, and on the Effective Date
     will have in all material respects conducted its affairs in compliance with
     all  applicable  laws,  rules  and  regulations.


<PAGE>
          (r)     During  the  past  five year period, no officer or director of
     KAHI  SUB  has  been  the  subject  of  any  Bad  Event.

          (s)     KAHI  SUB  has  no  pension  plan,  profit  sharing or similar
     employee  benefit  plan.

          (t)     KAHI  SUB  knows  of  no  person  who  rendered any service in
     connection  with  the  introduction of KAHI, KAHI SUB or ENTR to any of the
     other Companies and they know of no claim by anyone for a "finder's fee" or
     similar  type  of  fee  in  connection  with  the  Merger  and  the  other
     transactions  contemplated  hereby.

          (u)     KAHI  SUB  has  no  employees.

     4.     Representations  and Warranties of  KAHI.  KAHI represents, warrants
            ----------------------------------------
and covenants, except to the extent set forth on the KAHI Schedule of Exceptions
or  except  as  set  forth in the reports required to be filed by KAHI under the
Securities  Act  and the Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, including pursuant to
Section  13(a)  or  15(d)  thereof  ("SEC  Reports"),  as  follows:
                                      ------------

          (a)     KAHI  is  a duly organized and validly existing corporation in
     good  standing under the laws of the State of Delaware, authorized to issue
     an  aggregate  of  900,000,000  shares  of  KAHI  Common  Stock.  As of the
     Effective Date, other than KAHI Common Stock, there are no other securities
     authorized and/or issuable under the KAHI Articles of Incorporation. On the
     Effective  Date,  there  will  be  issued  and  outstanding  no  more  than
     490,484,863  shares  of  KAHI  Common  Stock,  all of which such issued and
     outstanding  shares  will  be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable.
     Except  as contemplated by this Agreement, on the Effective Date there will
     be  no  issued  or  outstanding  options,  warrants  or  other  rights,  or
     commitments or agreements of any kind, contingent or otherwise, to purchase
     or  otherwise  acquire  shares  of  KAHI  Common  Stock  or  any  issued or
     outstanding securities of any nature convertible into shares of KAHI Common
     Stock.  There  is  no  proxy  or  any  other  agreement,  arrangement  or
     understanding of any kind authorized or outstanding which restricts, limits
     or  otherwise  affects  the  right to vote any shares of KAHI Common Stock.

          (b)     KAHI  is,  and on the Effective Date will be, duly authorized,
     qualified  and  licensed  under  any  and all applicable laws, regulations,
     ordinances  or orders of public authorities to carry on its business in the
     places  and in the manner as presently conducted. The business of KAHI does
     not  require  it  to  be  registered as an investment company or investment
     advisor, as such terms are defined under the Investment Company Act and the
     Investment  Advisors  Act  of  1940.

          (c)     KAHI  has,  and  on  the Effective Date does have subsidiaries
     including the KAHI SUB.

          (d)      The  financial  statements of KAHI, consisting of its Balance
     Sheets  as  at  December 31, 2001 and 2000, and its Statement of Operations
     for  the  fiscal  years  ended December 31, 2001 and 2000, its Statement of
     Stockholders' Equity as of December 31, 2001 and 2000, and its Statement of
     Cash  Flows  for  the  fiscal  years  ended December 31, 2001 and 2000, all
     together  with  accompanying notes, have been audited by independent public
     accountants,  are  complete  and  correct in all material respects, present
     fairly  the  financial  position  of KAHI and the results of operations and
     changes  in  financial  position  for  the respective periods ended on such
     dates,  and  were prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting
     principles  consistently  applied during the periods. The interim financial
     statements  of  KAHI,  consisting  of its Balance Sheet as of September 30,
     2002 and its Statement of Operations, Statement of Stockholders' Equity and
     Statement  of Cash Flows for the six-month period ending September 30, 2002
     have  been  prepared  in  accordance  with  generally  accepted  accounting
     principles and have been adjusted for all normal and recurring accruals and
     present fairly the financial position of KAHI and the results of operations
     and  changes in financial position for the respective periods ended on such
     dates,  and  were prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting
     principles  consistently  applied  during  the  periods.  All the financial
     statements referenced herein regarding KAHI are collectively referred to as
     the  "KAHI  Financial  Statements",  all  of which are set forth in the SEC
           ---------------------------
     Reports  publicly  filed  with  the  Commission.

          (e)     There  has  not been, and on the Effective Date there will not
     have been, any material change in the financial condition of KAHI from that
     set  forth  in the KAHI Financial Statements except for (i) transactions in
     the  ordinary  course  of  business,  (ii)  transactions  relating  to this
     Agreement,  and (iii) the


<PAGE>
     incurring of expenses and liabilities relating to this Agreement.

          (f)     There  are,  and on the Effective Date will be, no liabilities
     (including,  but  not  limited  to, tax liabilities) or claims against KAHI
     (whether  such  liabilities or claims are contingent or absolute, direct or
     indirect,  accrued  or unaccrued and matured or unmatured) not appearing on
     the  KAHI  Financial  Statements,  except  for (i) liabilities for expenses
     incurred  relating  to  this  Agreement  and  the  consummation  of  the
     transactions  contemplated  hereby  and  (ii)  liabilities  and commitments
     incurred  or  made  in  the  ordinary  course  of  KAHI's business or taxes
     incurred  on  earnings  since  December  31,  2002.

          (g)     All  federal, state, county and local income, excise, property
     or  other  tax returns required to be filed by KAHI have been filed and all
     required  taxes,  fees or assessments have been paid or an adequate reserve
     therefore  has  been  set  up  in  the  KAHI  Financial  Statements.

          (h)     Reserved

          (i)     KAHI  has,  and  on  the Effective Date will have, no material
     non-disclosed contracts to which it is, or on the Effective Date will be, a
     party.

          (j)     There  are, and on the Effective Date there will be, no legal,
     administrative,  arbitral  or  other  proceedings,  claims,  actions  or
     governmental  investigations  of  any nature pending or to KAHI's knowledge
     threatened  in  writing,  against  KAHI,  including, but not limited to any
     shareholder  claims  or  derivative actions, or challenging the validity or
     propriety  of  the  transactions  contemplated  by  this Agreement, and, to
     KAHI's  best  knowledge,  there  is no reasonable basis for any proceeding,
     claim,  action  or  governmental  investigation against KAHI. KAHI is not a
     party  to  any order, judgment or decree which will, or might reasonably be
     expected  to,  materially  adversely  affect  the  business,  operations,
     properties,  assets  or  financial  condition  of  KAHI.

          (k)     Since  December  31, 2002 and to the Effective Date there will
     be  (i)  no salaried or otherwise compensated employees and no bonuses paid
     to  any  officer or director of KAHI; (ii) no loans made to or transactions
     with  any  officer  or  director  of  KAHI;  (iii)  no  dividends  or other
     distributions declared or paid by KAHI; and (iv) no purchase by KAHI of any
     of  the  KAHI  common  stock  except  those  disclosed.

          (l)     KAHI  has  not issued or committed itself to issue, and to the
     Effective  Date  will  not  issue or commit itself to issue, any additional
     common  shares  or  any  options,  rights,  warrants,  or  other securities
     convertible  into  common shares, except as contemplated by this Agreement.

          (m)     KAHI  has  no  issued  patents,  trademarks,  trademark
     registrations,  trade  names,  copyrights,  copyright  registrations  or
     applications  therefor. KAHI has no knowledge of any infringements by it of
     any  third  party's  intellectual  property.

          (n)     KAHI has, and on the Effective Date will have, in all material
     respects operated its business and conducted its affairs in compliance with
     all  applicable  laws,  rules  and  regulations.

          (o)     On  the  Effective  Date  there  will  be  no  loans,  leases,
     commitments,  arrangements  or  other  contracts  of  any  kind  or  nature
     outstanding  between  (i)  KAHI and (ii) any officer or director of KAHI or
     any  person  related to or affiliated with any officer or director of KAHI.

          (p)     During  the  past  five year period, no officer or director of
     KAHI  has  been  the  subject  of  any  Bad  Event.

          (q)     KAHI  has  no pension plan, profit sharing or similar employee
     benefit  plan.

          (r)     Except for the consent and approval of the Boards of Directors
     of KAHI SUB and KAHI and the Managing Member and Members to the Merger, the
     filing  of a Certificate of Merger, the filing of a Form 8-K within 15 days
     of  the  Effective  Date and the filing of a Form D with the Commission and
     the  State  of  California,  no  consents  or  approvals  of, or filings or
     registrations  with,  any  third  party or any public body or authority are
     necessary in connection with (i) the execution and delivery by KAHI of this
     Agreement  and  (ii)  the  consummation  of  the  Merger  and  the  other
     transactions  contemplated hereby.


<PAGE>
     KAHI  has, and on the Effective Date will have, full power and authority to
     enter  into  this Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated
     hereby.  This Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby have been,
     or  will  be  prior  to  the  Effective Date, duly approved by the Board of
     Directors  of  KAHI. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by
     KAHI  and  constitutes  the  legal,  valid  and  binding obligation of KAHI
     enforceable against it in accordance with the terms hereof except as may be
     limited  by  bankruptcy,  insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar
     laws  of  general  application  relating to or affecting the enforcement of
     rights  hereunder  or  general  principles of equity (regardless of whether
     such  enforceability  is  considered  in a proceeding in equity or at law).

          (s)     KAHI knows of no person who rendered any service in connection
     with  the  introduction  of  KAHI,  KAHI  SUB  or  ENTR to any of the other
     companies  and  they  know  of  no  claim by anyone for a "finder's fee" or
     similar  type  of  fee  in  connection  with  the  Merger  and  the  other
     transactions  contemplated  hereby.


          (t)     None of the information supplied or to be supplied by or about
     KAHI  to  ENTR  concerning  the  Merger  contains any untrue statement of a
     material  fact  or  omits  to state any material fact required to be stated
     therein  or  necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of
     the  circumstances  under  which  they  are  made,  not  misleading.

          (u)     The  execution  and  delivery  by  KAHI of this Agreement, the
     consummation  and  performance of the transactions herein contemplated, and
     compliance with the terms of this Agreement by KAHI will not conflict with,
     result  in  a  breach  of  or constitute a default under (i) any indenture,
     mortgage, deed of trust or other agreement, instrument or contract to which
     KAHI  is  now  a party or by which it or any of its assets or properties is
     bound;  (ii) the Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, or the bylaws of
     KAHI, in each case as amended; or (iii) any law, order, rule or regulation,
     writ,  injunction,  judgment  or  decree  of  any  government, governmental
     instrumentality  or  court,  domestic  or foreign, having jurisdiction over
     KAHI  or  any  of  its  business  or  properties.

          (v)     To  the best of its knowledge, KAHI is not in violation of any
     federal, state or local environmental law or regulation.


     5.     Representations  and  Warranties  of  each  ENTR  Shareholder.  Each
            -------------------------------------------------------------
Shareholder,  including  the  director  and  officer,  for  itself and no other,
represents  and  warrants  as  follows:

          (a)     Investment  Intent.  Such  Shareholder  is  acquiring  the
                  ------------------
     Shareholder  Securities  as  principal  for  its own account for investment
     purposes  only and not with a view to or for distributing or reselling such
     Shareholder  Securities  or any part thereof. Such Shareholder is acquiring
     the  Shareholder  Securities  hereunder  in  the  ordinary  course  of  its
     business.  Such  Shareholder  does not have any agreement or understanding,
     directly  or  indirectly,  with  any  Person  to  distribute  any  of  the
     Shareholder  Securities.

          (b)     Shareholder  Status.  Such  Shareholder  is  an  "accredited
                  -------------------
     investor" as defined in Rule 501(a) under the Securities Act.

          (c)     Experience of suchShareholder.  Such Shareholder, either alone
                  -----------------------------
     or  together  with  its representatives, has such knowledge, sophistication
     and  experience  in  business  and financial matters so as to be capable of
     evaluating  the  merits  and  risks  of  the  prospective investment in the
     Shareholder  Securities,  and has so evaluated the merits and risks of such
     investment.  Such  Shareholder  is  able  to  bear  the economic risk of an
     investment  in the Shareholder Securities and, at the present time, is able
     to afford a complete loss of such investment.

          (d)     General  Solicitation.  Such Shareholder is not purchasing the
                  ---------------------
     Shareholder Securities as a result of any advertisement, article, notice or
     other  communication  regarding the Shareholder Securities published in any
     newspaper,  magazine or similar media or broadcast over television or radio
     or  presented  at  any seminar or any other general solicitation or general
     advertisement.

          (e)     KAHI's Information.  Such Shareholder has read the SEC Reports
                  ------------------
     and  has  had  an  opportunity  to  discuss KAHI's business, management and
     financial  affairs  with directors, officers and


<PAGE>
     management  of KAHI and has had the opportunity to review KAHI's operations
     and  facilities.  Such  Shareholder  has  also  had  the opportunity to ask
     questions  of  and  receive answers from, KAHI and its management regarding
     the  terms  and  conditions  of  this  investment.

          (f)     Residence.  If  such  Shareholder  is an individual, then such
                  ---------
     Shareholder  resides  in the state or province identified in the address of
     such  Shareholder  set  forth  on  the ENTR Schedule of Exceptions; if such
     Shareholder  is  a  partnership,  corporation, limited liability company or
     other  entity,  then the office or offices of such Shareholder in which its
     investment decision was made is located at the address or addresses of such
     Shareholder  set  forth  on  ENTR  Schedule  of  Exceptions.

          (g)     Rule  144.  Such  Shareholder acknowledges and agrees that the
                  ---------
     Shareholder  Securities  are "restricted securities" as defined in Rule 144
     promulgated  under  the  Securities  Act as in effect from time to time and
     must be held indefinitely unless they are subsequently registered under the
     Securities  Act  or  an exemption from such registration is available. Such
     Shareholder  has  been  advised  or is aware of the provisions of Rule 144,
     which  permits  limited  resale  of shares purchased in a private placement
     subject  to  the satisfaction of certain conditions, including, among other
     things:  the availability of certain current public information about KAHI,
     the  resale  occurring following the required holding period under Rule 144
     and  the  number  of  shares  being  sold during any three-month period not
     exceeding  specified  limitations.

     6.     Representations  to  Survive  Closing.  All  of the representations,
            -------------------------------------
covenants  and  warranties contained in this Agreement (including all statements
contained  in  any  certificate or other instrument delivered by or on behalf of
KAHI,  KAHI  SUB  or ENTR pursuant hereto or in connection with the transactions
contemplated  hereby)  shall survive the Closing for a period of three (3) years
from  the  Effective  Date.

     7.     Surviving  Corporation.  The  surviving  entity  shall be ENTR.  Its
            ----------------------
name,  identities,  articles  of  organization,  operating agreement, existence,
purposes, powers, objects, franchises, rights and immunities shall be unaffected
and  unimpaired by the Merger, except as described in the Certificate of Merger.

     8.     Treatment  of  Shares  of  Constituent  Corporations.  The terms and
            ----------------------------------------------------
conditions  of  the  Merger,  the mode of carrying the same into effect, and the
manner  and  basis  of  converting  the  securities  of  each of the Constituent
Corporations  are  as  follows:

          (a)     All  of  the  Outstanding  ENTR Shareholder Interests shall be
     converted  by  virtue  of  the  Merger  at  the Effective Date into, in the
     aggregate,  250,000,000  shares  of  KAHI  Common  Stock  ("Shareholder
                                                                 -----------
     Securities"). After the Effective Date, each Shareholder, upon surrender of
     ----------
     their  Outstanding  ENTR Shareholder Interest (shares) existing immediately
     prior  to  the  Effective  Date,  shall  be  entitled to receive from KAHI,
     pro-rata  based upon their respective share of such Outstanding Shareholder
     Interest,  certificates  representing  their  share  of  the  Shareholder
     Securities,  which  certificates  shall contain any appropriate restrictive
     legend  concerning the resale of such securities. Until so surrendered, any
     outstanding  certificates  or  other  documentation  which,  prior  to  the
     Effective  Date,  represented Outstanding ENTR Shareholder Interests, shall
     be  deemed  for  all  corporate  purposes  to  evidence  ownership  of  the
     Shareholder  Securities  into  which  such  Outstanding  ENTR  Shareholder
     Interests  shall be convertible into. Upon such surrender, Outstanding ENTR
     Shareholder  Interests  so  surrendered  shall no longer be outstanding and
     shall  automatically be canceled and retired and shall cease to exist. Upon
     conversion,  any  fractional  shares  resulting  from  conversion  shall be
     rounded  to  the  nearest  whole  number  of  Shares.

          (b)     All of the KAHI SUB Shares shall be converted by virtue of the
     Merger  at the Effective Date into, in the aggregate, Shareholder Interests
     representing  100%  of  the  Shareholder Interests of ENTR, and all of such
     interests  shall  be  held  by  KAHI.

          (c)     The separate existence and corporate organization of KAHI SUB,
     except  insofar as it may be continued by statute, shall cease on Effective
     Date and ENTR shall become a wholly owned subsidiary of KAHI.

     9.     Rights  and Liabilities of Surviving Corporation.  (a)  On and after
            ------------------------------------------------
the  Effective  Date, ENTR, as the surviving entity of the Merger, shall succeed
to  and  possess,  without  further  act  or  deed,  all  of the estate, rights,
privileges,  powers  and  franchises,  both  public  and  private and all of the
property,  real,  personal  and mixed, of KAHI SUB; all debts due to KAHI SUB on
whatever account shall be vested in ENTR; all claims, demands, property, rights,
privileges,  powers, franchises and every other interest of KAHI SUB shall be as
effectively the property of


<PAGE>
ENTR as they were of KAHI SUB; the title to any real estate by deed or otherwise
in  KAHI SUB shall not revert or be in any way impaired by reason of the Merger,
but  shall  be  vested  in  ENTR; all rights of creditors and all liens upon any
property  of  KAHI  SUB  shall  be  preserved unimpaired, limited in lien to the
property affected by such lien at the Effective Date; all debts, liabilities and
duties  of KAHI SUB shall thenceforth attach to ENTR and may be enforced against
it to the same extent as if such debts, liabilities and duties had been incurred
or  contracted  by  it;  and ENTR shall indemnify and hold harmless KAHI and the
officers  and  directors  of  KAHI  SUB  against all such debts, liabilities and
duties  and  against  all  claims  and  demands  arising  out  of  the  Merger.

     10.     Further  Assurances of Title.  As and when requested by ENTR, or by
             ----------------------------
any  of  its successors or assigns, KAHI SUB shall execute and deliver, or cause
to  be  executed  and delivered, all such deeds and instruments and will take or
cause  to  be  taken  all  such  further  action  as  ENTR may deem necessary or
desirable in order to vest in and confirm to ENTR title to and possession of the
property  acquired  by ENTR by reason or as a result of the Merger and otherwise
to  carry  out the intent and purposes hereof, and the officers and directors of
ENTR  and  KAHI are fully authorized in the name of ENTR or KAHI or otherwise to
take  any  and  all  such  action.

     11.     Conditions  of Obligations of KAHI SUB and KAHI.  The obligation of
             -----------------------------------------------
KAHI  SUB  and  KAHI  to  consummate  the  Merger  is  subject  to the following
conditions  prior  to  the  Effective  Date:

          (a)     ENTR  has  not  suffered an uninsured loss on account of fire,
     flood,  accident,  or  other  calamity  of such a character as to interfere
     materially  with  the  continuous  operation  of its business or materially
     affect  adversely  its  condition,  financial  or  otherwise, regardless of
     whether  or  not  such  loss  shall  have  been  insured.

          (b)     That  no material transactions shall have been entered into by
     ENTR  other  than  transactions  in the ordinary course of business between
     December 31, 2002 and the Effective Date, other than as referred to in this
     Agreement  or  in  the  schedules  annexed,  except  with the prior written
     consent  of  KAHI.

          (c)     Except  as  disclosed  in  this  Agreement or in the schedules
     annexed hereto, that no material adverse change in the aggregate shall have
     occurred  in  the  financial  condition  of  ENTR  since December 31, 2002.

          (d)     That  none of the properties or assets of ENTR shall have been
     sold or otherwise disposed of other than in the ordinary course of business
     during  such  period,  except  with  the  prior  written  consent  of KAHI.

          (e)     That  ENTR  shall  have  performed  and  complied  with  the
     provisions and conditions of this Agreement on its part to be performed and
     complied  with, and that the representations and warranties made by ENTR in
     this Agreement are true and correct, both when made and as of the Effective
     Date.

          (f)     That  all applicable filings and regulatory approvals required
     to  be  made  or  obtained  by  ENTR  have  been  made  or  obtained.

          (g)     That  this  Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby
     shall  have  been  approved  by  appropriate  action  of  ENTR.

          (h)     That there shall have been full compliance with the applicable
     securities  or  "blue  sky"  laws  and  regulations  of  any state or other
     governmental  body  having  jurisdiction  over  the  Merger.

          (i)     That  KAHI  shall  have  received  from  ENTR  the  following
     documents:

               (i)     original  signature pages of this Agreement duly executed
                       by  ENTR,  the  directors  and  each  Shareholder;

               (ii)    Good  Standing  Certificate  of  ENTR  from  the State of
                       Nevada;

               (iii)   Certificate  of  Organization  of  ENTR from the State of
                       Nevada;

               (iv)    Organizational  minutes  of  ENTR and any other documents
                       required  by  Section  16;

               (v)     Articles  of  Incorporation  and  bylaws  of  ENTR;

               (vi)    an  opinion  from  counsel to  ENTR, substantially in the
                       form  of  Exhibit  C  attached  hereto;
                                 ----------


<PAGE>
               (vii)   Written  consent  of  the  ENTR  Board  of  Directors
                       authorizing  the  Merger;

               (viii)  Certificate  of  the  Board  of  Directors  evidencing
                       compliance with the provisions of this Section 11;

               (ix)    Form  D and evidence of filing with the State of Nevada;
                       and

               (x)     Original signature page of each Certificate of Merger for
                       filing  with  the  Secretary  of  State  of  Nevada.


     12.     Conditions  of  Obligations  of  ENTR.  The  obligations of ENTR to
             -------------------------------------
consummate  the  Merger  are  subject  to  the following conditions prior to the
Effective  Date:

          (a)     That KAHI SUB and KAHI are in compliance with their respective
     representations,  warranties  and covenants contained herein, and that ENTR
     shall  receive  from each of KAHI SUB and KAHI a certificate to such effect
     from  the  President  of  KAHI  SUB  and  KAHI  as  of  the Effective Date.

          (b)     That  KAHI  SUB  and  KAHI shall not have suffered any loss on
     account  of  fire, flood, accident or other calamity of such a character as
     to  interfere  materially  with the continuous operation of its business or
     materially  affect  adversely  its  condition,  financial  or  otherwise,
     regardless  of  whether  or  not  such  loss  shall  have  been  insured.

          (c)     That  no material transactions shall have been entered into by
     KAHI SUB or KAHI other than transactions in the ordinary course of business
     since  December  31,  2002,  other  than  as referred to in this Agreement,
     except  with  the  prior  written  consent  of  ENTR.

          (d)     That  no  material  adverse  change shall have occurred in the
     financial  condition of KAHI SUB or KAHI since December 31, 2002 other than
     as  referred  to  in  this  Agreement.

          (e)     That  none  of  the  properties  or assets of KAHI SUB or KAHI
     shall  have  been  sold or otherwise disposed of other than in the ordinary
     course  of  business  December 31, 2002, except with the written consent of
     ENTR.

          (f)     That  KAHI SUB and KAHI shall each have performed and complied
     with  the  provisions  and  conditions  of this Agreement on its part to be
     performed  and  complied  with, and that the representations and warranties
     made  by  KAHI  herein  are  true  and  correct.

          (g)     That  all applicable filings and regulatory approvals required
     to  be  made  or  obtained  by  KAHI  have  been  made  or  obtained.

          (h)     That  KAHI shall have held a meeting of its Board of Directors
     at  which meeting all of its directors shall have resigned seriatim and the
     persons  designated  by  ENTR shall have been elected as directors of KAHI,
     all  subject  to  the  consummation  of  the  Merger.

          (i)     That  ENTR  shall  have  received  from  KAHI and KAHI SUB the
     following  documents:

               (i)     original signature page of this Agreement duly executed
                       by  KAHI  and  KAHI  SUB;

               (ii)    Good  Standing  Certificate  of  KAHI;

               (iii)   Good  Standing  Certificate  of  KAHI  SUB;

               (iv)    Certificate  of  Incorporation  of  KAHI;

               (v)     Certificate  of  Incorporation  of  KAHI  SUB;

               (vi)    Organizational minutes  of KAHI and any other documents
                       required  by  Section  15;

               (vii)   Organizational  minutes  of  KAHI  SUB  and  any  other
                       documents  required  by  Section  15;

               (viii)  By-Laws  of  KAHI;

               (ix)    By-Laws  of  KAHI  SUB;

               (x)     an opinion from counsel to KAHI SUB, substantially in
                       the form  of  Exhibit  D  attached  hereto;
                                     ----------


<PAGE>
               (xi)    Written  consent of shareholders of KAHI SUB  authorizing
                       the  Merger;

               (xii)   Written  consent  of  the  Board  of  Directors  of  KAHI
                       authorizing  the  Merger;

               (xiii)  Officer's  Certificate  of  KAHI  evidencing  compliance
                       with  the  provisions  of  this  Section  12;  and

               (xiv)   Officer's  Certificate  of KAHI SUB evidencing compliance
                       with  the  provisions  of  this  Section  12.

     13.     Abandonment.  This Agreement and the Merger may be abandoned (a) by
             -----------
any of the Companies, acting by its Board of Directors, at any time prior to its
adoption  by the shareholders of such Company, as provided by law, (b) by any of
the  Companies,  acting by its Board of Directors by written notice to the other
parties  hereto,  at  any  time  in the event of the failure of any condition in
favor  of  such entity as to which the consummation of the Merger is subject, or
(c)  by the consent of all the Companies, acting each by its Board of Directors,
at  any time after such adoption by such shareholders and prior to the Effective
Date.  In  the  event  of  abandonment  of this Agreement, the same shall become
wholly  void  and  of  no  effect,  and  there  shall be no further liability or
obligation  hereunder  on  the  part  of  any of the Companies, their respective
Boards  of  Directors  or  any  other  party  to  this  Agreement.

     14.     Closing or Termination.  In the event the Closing of this Agreement
             ----------------------
shall  not  take  place  by  March  15, 2003, due to failure of any condition of
closing  required  herein,  any  party  shall  have  the right to terminate this
Agreement, in which event no party shall have any further right or obligation as
against  any  other.

     15.     Delivery  of  Corporate  Proceedings  of KAHI and KAHI SUB.  At the
             -----------------------------------------------------------
Closing,  KAHI  and  KAHI SUB shall deliver to counsel for ENTR the originals of
all  of  the corporate proceedings of KAHI and KAHI SUB, duly certified by their
respective  Secretaries,  relating  to  this  Agreement.

     16.     Delivery  of  Corporate  Proceedings of ENTR.  At the Closing, ENTR
             ---------------------------------------------
shall  deliver  to  counsel  for  KAHI  and KAHI SUB the originals of all of the
corporate proceedings of ENTR, duly certified by its Secretary, relating to this
Agreement and a draft of the language proposed to be included the Form 8-K to be
filed within 15 days of the Effective Day, which draft shall be substantially in
compliance  with  the  requirements  of  Form  8-K.

     17.      Limitation  of Liability.  The representations and warranties made
              ------------------------
by  any party to this Agreement are intended to be relied upon only by the other
parties  to  this  Agreement  and by no other person.  Nothing contained in this
Agreement  shall  be  deemed  to  confer  upon  any  person  not a party to this
Agreement  any  third party beneficiary rights or any other rights of any nature
whatsoever.

     18.       Further  Instruments  and Actions.  Each party shall deliver such
               ---------------------------------
further  instruments and take such further action as may be reasonably requested
by  any  other  in order to carry out the intent and purposes of this Agreement.

     19.     Governing  Law.  This  Agreement is being delivered and is intended
             --------------
to  be  performed  in the State of Nevada and shall be construed and enforced in
accordance  with  the  laws  of  such  State without regard to conflicts of laws
thereof.

     20.     Notices.  All  notices  or  other  communications to be sent by any
             -------
party  to  this  Agreement to any other party to this Agreement shall be sent by
certified mail, nationwide overnight delivery service or by personal delivery or
nationwide  overnight  courier to the addresses hereinbefore designated, or such
other  addresses  as  may  hereafter  be  designated  in  writing  by  a  party.

     21.     Binding  Agreement.  This Agreement represents the entire agreement
             ------------------
among  the  parties  hereto  with respect to the matters described herein and is
binding  upon  and  shall  inure  to the benefit of the parties hereto and their
legal representatives, successors and permitted assigns.  This Agreement may not
be  assigned  and, except as stated herein, may not be altered or amended except
in  writing  executed  by  the  party  to  be  charged.

     22.     Counterparts.  This  Agreement may be executed in counterparts, all
             ------------
of  which,  when  taken  together,  shall  constitute  the  entire  Agreement.

     23.     Severability.  The provisions of this Agreement shall be severable,
             ------------
so  that  the  unenforceability, validity or legality of any one provision shall
not  affect the enforceability, validity or legality of the remaining provisions
hereof.


<PAGE>
     24.     Joint  Drafting.  This  Agreement  shall  be  deemed  to  have been
             ---------------
drafted  jointly  by  the  parties  hereto,  and  no inference or interpretation
against  any party shall be made solely by virtue of such party allegedly having
been  the  draftsperson  of  this  Agreement.

     25.     Reliance  on  Certificates.  In  rendering  any opinion referred to
             --------------------------
herein,  counsel  for  the  parties  hereto  may rely, as to any factual matters
involved  in  their respective opinions, on certificates of public officials and
of  corporate  and  company officers, and on such other evidence as such counsel
may  reasonably  deem appropriate and, as to the matters governed by the laws of
jurisdictions other than the United States or the States of Nevada and Delaware,
an  opinion  of local counsel in such other jurisdiction(s), which counsel shall
be  satisfactory  to  the  other  parties  in  the  exercise of their reasonable
discretion.

     26.     Public  Announcements.  All  parties  hereto  agree that any public
             ---------------------
announcement,  press  release  or other public disclosure of the signing of this
Agreement  shall be made jointly and only after all parties hereto have reviewed
and  approved  the  language  and  timing  of  such  disclosure,  except as such
disclosure  may  be  required  pursuant  to any legal obligation or order of any
court  having  proper  jurisdiction  over  any  of  the  parties  hereto.

     27.     Definitions.  In  addition  to  the terms defined elsewhere in this
             -----------
Agreement,  the  following terms have the meanings indicated in this Section 27:

          "Bad Events" shall mean, collectively, the events described in clauses
           ----------
          (i)  through  (vi)  of  Section  2(t).

          "Certificate of Merger" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 1.
           ---------------------

          "CFTC" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(t)(iii)(A).
           ----

          "Closing" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 1.
           -------

          "Code" shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.
           ----

          "Commission" shall mean the Securities and Exchange Commission.
           ----------

          "Commission  Reports"  shall have the meaning set forth in the opening
           -------------------
          paragraph of Section 4

          "Companies" shall mean, collectively, KAHI, KAHI SUB and ENTR.
           ---------

          "Contracts"  shall  have  the  meaning  set  forth  in  Section  2(m).
           ---------

          "Constituent  Corporations"  shall  mean,  collectively, ENTR and KAHI
           -------------------------
          SUB.

          "Effective  Date"  shall  mean  the  date the Certificate of Merger is
           ---------------
          filed with the State of Delaware.

          "ENTR" shall mean EntreMetrix, a Nevada Corporation.

          "KAHI" shall mean Kaire Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation.
           ----

          "KAHI  Common  Stock"  shall  have the meaning set forth in the second
           -------------------
          recital to this Agreement.

          "KAHI  Financial  Statements"  shall  have  the  meaning  set forth in
           ---------------------------
          Section  4(d).

          "KAHI Schedule of Exceptions" shall mean the schedule of exceptions to
           ---------------------------
          the  representations,  warranties and covenants of KAHI annexed hereto
          and  made  a  part  hereof.

          "Financial  Statements"  shall  have  the meaning set forth in Section
           ---------------------
          2(e).

          "KAHI  SUB"  shall  mean KAHI Acquisition Subsidiary, Inc., a Delaware
           ---------
          corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of KAHI.

          "KAHI  SUB  Shares"  shall  have  the  meaning  set forth in the third
           -----------------
          recital to this Agreement.


<PAGE>
          "IRS" shall mean the Internal Revenue Service.
           ---

          "Shareholder"  shall mean each Shareholder of ENTR as set forth on the
           -----------
          ENTR Schedule of Exceptions.

          "Shareholder Securities" shall mean the Shareholder Shares.
           -----------------------

          "Shareholder Shares" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 8(a).
           ------------------

          "Merger"  shall  have  the  meaning set forth in the fourth recital to
           ------
          this  Agreement.

          "Outstanding  KAHI  Common  Stock" shall have the meaning set forth in
           --------------------------------
          the second recital to this Agreement.

          "Outstanding  ENTR  Shareholder  Interests" shall have the meaning set
           -----------------------------------------
          forth in Section 2(a).

          "Securities  Act"  shall  mean the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
           ---------------
          and the rules and regulation promulgated thereunder.

          "ENTR Schedule of Exceptions" shall mean the schedule of exceptions to
           ---------------------------
          the  representations,  warranties and covenants of ENTR annexed hereto
          and made a part hereof.


                            [SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]


<PAGE>
     IN  WITNESS  WHEREOF,  the  parties  hereto  have  made  and  executed this
Agreement as of the day and year first above written.

                                       KAIRE HOLDINGS, INC.

                                       By:    /s/ Steven Westlund
                                              ----------------------------------
                                       Name:
                                              ----------------------------------
                                       Title:
                                              ----------------------------------
                                       By:
                                              ----------------------------------
                                       Name:
                                              ----------------------------------
                                       Title:
                                              ----------------------------------

                                       By:
                                              ----------------------------------
                                       Name:
                                              ----------------------------------
                                       Title:
                                              ----------------------------------

                                       KAHI ACQUISITION SUBSIDIARY, INC.

                                       By:     /s/ Steven Westlund
                                              ----------------------------------
                                       Name:
                                              ----------------------------------
                                       Title:
                                              ----------------------------------

ENTREMETRIX

/s/ Richard. R. McKinley
Richard R. McKinley


<PAGE>

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
