<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2.2
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>doc3.txt
<TEXT>

Exhibit 2.2

KAIRE HOLDINGS, INC ACQUIRES SESPE PHARMACY

Los Angeles, CA Thursday, January 23, 2003

Kaire Holdings, Inc (OTC BB: KAHI.OB) announced that it has acquired Sespe
Pharmacy. Kaire CEO Steven Westlund stated, "The acquisition of Sespe Pharmacy
provides the foundation from which the company can resume its specialized
pharmacy care programs as well as introduce new programs developed over the past
few months.

Westlund added, "Sespe Pharmacy is located in the Sespe Medical Clinic which is
operated by the Santa Paula Community Hospital. Sespe Pharmacy is a growing
business dispensing on average 75 retail prescriptions per day. The proximity to
the medical clinic provides a steady stream of new patients building on the
existing base of repeat customers. Revenues generated from retail prescriptions
average $3,500 per day with gross profit margins in excess of 20%. The company
purchased the pharmacy for $181,000, payable in a combination of cash and
promissory notes. The purchase price includes a drug inventory valued at $81,000
as well as active provider numbers from Medi-cal, Medi-care and numerous private
insurance providers.

ABOUT KAIRE

Kaire Holdings Inc provides specialized pharmacy care to targeted segments of
the health care market. Kaire products and services are specifically tailored to
the needs of patients undergoing complex medication therapy as well as their
associated health care managers. Kaire programs utilize specialized medication
packaging that improves patient medication compliance while simultaneously
reducing many repetitive tasks for health care managers freeing them to spend
more time with their patients. The program also manages patient insurance claims
through a wide variety of health care providers as well as facilitating
communication between patients and their health care professionals. Specialized
programs are available for HIV, diabetics, many seniors and persons in assisted
living facilities.

This news release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the
Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 (the "ACT"). In particular,
when used in the preceding discussion, the words "estimated", "believe",
"optimistic", "expect", and similar conditional expressions are intended to
identify forward-looking statements within the meaning of the ACT and are
subject to risks and uncertainties, and actual results could differ materially
from those expressed in forward looking statements. Such risks and uncertainties
include, but are not limited to, unfavorable market conditions, increased
competition, limited working capital, and failure to implement business
strategies, actions by regulatory agencies, and other risks. For company
information, visit the corporate web site at www. Kaireholdingsinc.com.

For more information contact:

Kaire Holdings, Inc
818-252-0509


<PAGE>

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
