<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2.2
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>doc3.txt
<TEXT>
                                                                     Exhibit 2.2


KAIRE HOLDINGS, INC. ANNOUNCES STRATEGIC ACQUISITION

March  19,  2003 - LOS ANGELES, CA, (INTERNET WIRE via COMTEX) - Kaire Holdings,
Inc.  ("KAIRE"  OTC BB: KAHI), announced today that it has acquired EntreMetrix,
Inc.

Based  in  Irvine,  California,  EntreMetrix,  Inc.  is  a  national provider of
administrative,  employer,  and  financial  support  services  to  medical, life
science  and  technology  companies  throughout  the  country.  In  addition,
EntreMatrix  developed  specialized  outsourced  Human  Relations  and Financial
services  for  health  care recruiters and a diversified range of health service
providers.

KAIRE  acquired  EntreMetrix  through  a  combination of restricted common stock
valued  at $490,000, and a $2,500,000 promissory note, which is due and payable,
including  4%  annual interest, in 4 years. EntreMetrix began operations in June
2002.  Since  that  time,  revenues  have  grown  consistently  month over month
exceeding  $675,000  in  January 2003.   Calendar 2003 revenues are projected to
exceed  $20  million.  The company utilized one of its wholly owned subsidiaries
in  the  acquisition.

Kaire  CEO  Steven  Westlund  stated,  "This  acquisition reflects the company's
evolving  business  strategy  to  develop  programs  and  services which benefit
current  operations  and  create  future  opportunities.  This  acquisition
accomplishes  .both  of those goals. In addition, the acquisition opens the door
to  a  network of health care business clients and services. We view EntreMetrix
as  the  cornerstone  of  our  evolving  business  strategy".

Scott  W.  Absher,  with  NeoTactix,  commented  on  the transaction saying, "We
believe that the combined business platforms of Kaire and EntreMetrix will allow
us  to  capitalize on the present health care staffing opportunity in the health
care  sector.  EntreMetrix  provides essential support and financial services to
the  health  care  market  place".

ABOUT  KAIRE
Kaire  Holdings  Inc.  provides specialized services to targeted segments of the
health  care  market  place.  Kaire products and services include pharmaceutical
programs  specifically  tailored  to  the  needs  of patients undergoing complex
medication  therapy  as  well  as  their  associated health care managers. These
pharmaceutical  programs  utilize specialized medication packaging that improves
patient  medication  compliance  while  simultaneously  reducing many repetitive
tasks  for  health  care  managers,  freeing  them to spend more time with their
patients.  The  program  also  manages  patient  insurance claims through a wide
variety  of  health care providers as well as facilitating communication between
patients and their health care professionals. Specialized programs are available
for  HIV,  diabetics,  many  seniors  and persons in assisted living facilities.

This  news release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the
Private  Securities  Litigation  Reform  Act of 1995 (the "ACT"). In particular,
when  used  in  the  preceding  discussion,  the  words  "estimated," "believe,"
"optimistic,"  "expect,"  and  similar  conditional  expressions are intended to
identify  forward-looking  statements  within  the  meaning  of  the ACT and are
subject  to  risks and uncertainties, and actual results could differ materially
from those expressed in forward looking statements. Such risks and uncertainties
include,  but  are  not  limited  to,  unfavorable  market conditions, increased
competition,  limited  working  capital,  and  failure  to  implement  business
strategies,  actions  by  regulatory  agencies,  and  other  risks.  For company
information,  visit  the  corporate  web  site  at  _  HYPERLINK
"http://www.Kaireholdingsinc.com"  _www.Kaireholdingsinc.com_.  Copyright  2003
Internet  Wire,  All  rights  reserved.-0-  SUBJECT  CODE:     Medical/Health:
Healthcare


<PAGE>

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
