<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>ex10-q.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10(Q)
<TEXT>


<PAGE>



                                                                   EXHIBIT 10(q)

                              Employment Agreement

As of October 1, 2002

BY HAND
Stuart Siegel
Sotheby's International Realty, Inc.
38 E. 61st Street
New York, NY  10021

Dear Stuart:

         This letter sets forth our understanding and agreement with respect to
your employment by Sotheby's, Inc. (together with all of its subsidiaries and
related entities, "Sotheby's" or the "Company"). This Agreement is being
provided to you because you are a key employee at the Company, perform highly
specialized and unique duties for the Company, and could do substantial harm to
the Company if you left its employment, particularly during this present period
of uncertainty for the Company. Consequently, Sotheby's is offering you the
following terms and financial enhancements to ensure your continued employment
with and loyalty to the Company, and so that you will focus fully and
exclusively on your job duties at Sotheby's during this period.

(1)      Term of Employment.

         a)       You agree to continue as a full-time employee of Sotheby's and
                  Sotheby's agrees to continue to employ you full-time, subject
                  to the terms and conditions set forth herein (the
                  "Agreement"), for a period beginning on the date hereof and
                  ending on September 30, 2004, unless extended in writing by
                  both the Company and you or as otherwise provided in this
                  Agreement.

         b)       This Agreement may be terminated:

                  i)       upon mutual written agreement of the Company and you;

                  ii)      upon thirty (30) days' prior written notice by the
                           Company for Cause (as hereinafter defined), unless
                           such cause shall have been remedied during such
                           period; provided, however, such notice by the Company
                           must be given to you within sixty (60) days of the
                           Chief Executive Officer of the Company (the "Chief
                           Executive Officer") or Board of Directors of the
                           Company (the "Board") learning of circumstances
                           constituting Cause;




<PAGE>



                  iii)     upon thirty (30) days' prior written notice by you
                           for Good Reason (as hereinafter defined) given within
                           thirty (30) days of your learning of the
                           circumstances constituting Good Reason;

                  iv)      at the option of the Company in the event of your
                           Permanent Disability (as hereinafter defined); or

                  v)       automatically upon your death.

         c)       As used herein, the term "Cause" shall mean and be limited to:

                  i)       conviction of a felony crime, or

                  ii)      fraud, willful malfeasance or gross negligence in
                           performance of your duties which is materially
                           injurious to the Company.

                  The Chief Executive Officer shall determine whether the
                  occurrence or non-occurrence of an event constitutes Cause
                  within the meaning of this Agreement; however, at your
                  request, any such decision will be reviewed by the Executive
                  Committee of the Board of Directors of Sotheby's Holdings,
                  Inc.

         d)       As used herein, the term "Good Reason" shall mean, without
                  your express written consent, the occurrence of any of the
                  following events:

                  i)       any material breach of this Agreement by the Company;

                  ii)      your being required to relocate to a principal place
                           of business more than thirty-five (35) miles outside
                           New York, New York;

                  iii)     any action by the Company that results in a material
                           diminution in your position (except in connection
                           with the termination of your employment for Cause or
                           as a result of your death or Permanent Disability or
                           temporarily as a result of your illness or other
                           absence);

                  iv)      the failure of the Company's successor to assume this
                           Agreement in accordance with Paragraph 20; or

                  v)       your voluntary resignation of employment with the
                           Company not earlier than nine (9) months nor later
                           than fifteen (15) months after a Change in Control
                           (as defined in the Company's 1997 Stock Option Plan).

                  provided, however, that (except in the case of clause (v)) the
                  Company shall have thirty (30) days following the receipt of
                  notice from you of the existence of circumstances constituting
                  Good Reason to correct such circumstances.

         e)       As used herein, the term "Permanent Disability" shall mean,
                  and be limited to,

                                       2




<PAGE>



                  any physical or mental illness, disability or impairment that
                  has prevented you from continuing the performance of your
                  normal duties and responsibilities hereunder for a period in
                  excess of six (6) consecutive months. For purposes of
                  determining whether a Permanent Disability has occurred under
                  this Agreement, the written determination thereof by a
                  physician mutually acceptable to the Company and you or, if
                  you and the Company cannot agree upon a physician, by a
                  physician selected by agreement of a physician designated by
                  the Company and a physician designated by you, shall be
                  conclusive; provided, however that if such physicians cannot
                  agree upon a third physician within thirty (30) days, such
                  third physician shall be designated by the American
                  Arbitration Association.

(2)      Title; Responsibilities. You shall continue to serve as President and
         Chief Executive Officer of Sotheby's International Realty, Inc. In
         addition to the foregoing, you agree to perform such other functions
         and responsibilities as may be reasonably requested from time to time
         by the Chief Executive Officer, to whom you shall report. Except as
         otherwise permitted by the Company, in accordance with Paragraph 12,
         during your employment with the Company, you shall devote substantially
         all of your business time (excluding periods of vacation and sick
         leave) and efforts to the performance of your functions and
         responsibilities hereunder provided, however, that it shall not be a
         violation of this Agreement for you to (a) serve on professional,
         industry, civic or charitable boards, committees or organizations, and
         attend conferences reasonably related to the Company's business
         interests, (b) manage personal investments, or (c) serve on the boards
         of directors of corporations not in competition with the Company, so
         long as any such activities are approved in advance by the Chief
         Executive Officer and do not interfere with or impair the performance
         of your responsibilities pursuant to this Agreement.

(3)      Compensation. In consideration for the services to be rendered by you
         to Sotheby's, you shall receive during the term of this Agreement, the
         following:

         a)       An annual base salary of $330,000, which shall be payable in
                  appropriate installments to conform with the regular payroll
                  dates for salaried personnel of Sotheby's. In the event your
                  employment continues beyond September 30, 2004, your base
                  salary shall be reviewed thereafter on an annual basis and
                  shall be subject to such adjustment as the Chief Executive
                  Officer shall determine; and

         b)       In addition to the annual base salary, you will be eligible
                  for an annual bonus composed of a 25% corporate portion and a
                  75% individual portion. Your 2002 total bonus target is
                  $330,000, of which the individual portion in an amount equal
                  to $250,000 is guaranteed to be paid to you by the Company no
                  later than April 30, 2003. The individual portion of your 2002
                  bonus may be adjusted upward as set forth in a certain
                  memorandum from Mr. William F. Ruprecht to you, dated May 10,
                  2002. Your bonus target in subsequent years will be
                  substantially consistent with the bonus targets of other
                  employees of the Company at a similar level of responsibility
                  and making a similar contribution to the Company, financial
                  and otherwise.

                                       3




<PAGE>



(4)      Retention Bonus. In recognition of your service with the Company during
         a period of uncertainty for the Company and in order to preserve
         stability and to assure your continued employment during this period of
         uncertainty, and because it is essential that during this period you
         focus fully and exclusively on your job duties for the Company, you
         agree to the following undertakings during the term of this Agreement,
         in exchange for the Retention Bonus (as hereinafter defined) set forth
         in Subparagraph 4(b) below.

         a)       Employee Undertakings

                  i)       You agree to reaffirm and abide by your acknowledged
                           fiduciary obligation to cooperate with the Company in
                           the event of and in connection with matters relating
                           to the Company including without limitation a
                           restructuring (any business or capital
                           restructuring), refinancing or sale of the Company or
                           a significant interest therein (including but not
                           limited to an actual or potential change of control)
                           including, but not limited to, your obligations to:

                           (a)      not disparage the Company or its assets to
                                    any third party;

                           (b)      maintain your loyalty to the Company in all
                                    respects, including without limitation,
                                    compliance with Paragraph 13;

                           (c)      provide full and complete active cooperation
                                    and other assistance in promoting the
                                    Company; and

                           (d)      fully assist with any transition with
                                    respect to any business or capital
                                    restructuring, refinancing or sale of the
                                    Company or a significant interest therein.

                  ii)      During the term of this Agreement, you agree to
                           refrain from any substantive discussions, meetings or
                           communications of any kind whatsoever with any other
                           potential employer, including, but not limited to,
                           any real estate brokerage company or any other
                           company, organization or entity in which you would
                           perform similar duties and responsibilities to those
                           you have performed at Sotheby's, regarding
                           prospective employment for yourself during the term
                           of this Agreement. By entering into this Agreement,
                           and agreeing to the special undertakings set forth
                           herein, you agree that during the term of this
                           Agreement you are knowingly and voluntarily foregoing
                           the right to engage in such conduct in exchange for
                           the consideration set forth herein, and you
                           acknowledge the vital importance of these
                           undertakings to the Company during this period.

         b)       Retention Bonus

                                       4




<PAGE>



                  In recognition of your service to the Company during a period
                  of uncertainty and in consideration of the foregoing
                  undertakings by you, and provided you do not breach this
                  Agreement in any material respect, and subject to Subparagraph
                  11(c), you will also receive a "retention bonus" in the amount
                  of $1,000,000 (the "Retention Bonus"). This payment will be
                  made in three (3) installments: $300,000 on January 15, 2003,
                  $300,000 on July 15, 2003 and $400,000 on January 15, 2004.

         c)       The bonus payments set forth in Subparagraph 4(b) shall not be
                  included for benefit contribution purposes under any qualified
                  or non-qualified retirement plan including but not limited to
                  the 401(k) plan or Benefit Equalization Plan. These special
                  payments are also not part of the bonus calculation in the
                  event you are entitled to benefits under the Sotheby's, Inc.
                  Severance Plan.

         d)       If, at any time during the term of this Agreement, you breach
                  any of the undertakings set forth herein in any material
                  respect, you will return to the Company all of the Retention
                  Bonus you may have received pursuant to Subparagraph 4(b)
                  above, and will not thereafter be entitled to any further
                  Retention Bonus In addition, payment of the Retention Bonus
                  pursuant to Subparagraph 4(b) will not be made if, for any
                  reason, you are not employed by the Company on the date such
                  payment would otherwise be made, except as otherwise provided
                  in Subparagraphs 11(a) or 11(b) or 11(e).

(5)      Stock Options. Your options will continue to vest pursuant to the
         Sotheby's 1997 Stock Option Plan, and you will continue to be eligible
         for further grants. The benefits provided in this Agreement are in
         addition to any stock options you have already received.

(6)      Benefits. You shall continue to be entitled, to the extent that your
         position, title, tenure, salary, age, health and other qualifications
         make you eligible, to participate in all employee benefit plans or
         programs now in effect or hereafter adopted by Sotheby's, including
         being in the employment category of an executive level corporate
         officer for purposes of the Sotheby's, Inc. Severance Plan, medical,
         dental, disability, life insurance, stock options and pension benefits.
         Your participation in such plans or programs shall continue to be
         subject to the provisions, rules and regulations applicable thereto.
         Any benefits that you may become eligible for under the Sotheby's, Inc.
         Severance Plan shall be in addition to the other benefits specified in
         this Agreement. In the event you are entitled to benefits under the
         Severance Plan, such benefits shall be paid under the terms of that
         plan in effect on the execution date of this Agreement regardless of
         whether that plan is modified during the term of this Agreement unless
         the modification results in an enhanced benefit to you in which case
         you would receive the enhanced benefit.

(7)      Vacation. You shall continue to be entitled to annual vacation time,
         with full pay, in accordance with the established policies of Sotheby's
         now or hereafter in effect for similarly situated employees but in no
         event less than the number of days to which you are presently entitled.

                                       5




<PAGE>



(8)      Expenses. You shall be authorized to incur reasonable and necessary
         expenses incurred in connection with Sotheby's business, including
         expenses for entertainment, travel and similar items in accordance with
         Sotheby's travel and entertainment policy. Sotheby's will reimburse you
         for all such expenses upon presentation by you monthly of an itemized
         account of such expenditures. Such expenditures, however, shall be
         subject at all times to the approval of Sotheby's in accordance with
         Sotheby's expense reimbursement policy.

(9)      Business Development Allowance. You will be eligible to continue your
         current annual business development allowance of $12,000.

(10)     Confidentiality Agreement; Sotheby's Rules and Policies. As a condition
         to your continued employment by the Company, you shall continue to be
         bound by the Company's Confidentiality Agreement, Auction Rules,
         Compliance Policy, and the Conflict of Interest Policy and House Rules
         (collectively, the "Rules and Policies"). You acknowledge that you have
         read, understood and signed each of the foregoing.

(11)     Compensation Upon Termination During the Term of this Agreement.

         a)       If during the term of this Agreement your employment by the
                  Company is terminated by you for Good Reason in accordance
                  with Subparagraph 1(b)(iii) hereof or by the Company without
                  Cause, the Company shall pay or provide you with the
                  following:

                  i)       The sum of your base salary through the date of
                           termination to the extent not theretofore paid, any
                           declared and earned but unpaid bonus amount for the
                           fiscal year ended December 31 of the prior year and
                           reimbursement for any unreimbursed expenses incurred
                           through the date of termination in accordance with
                           Paragraph 8 ("Accrued Obligations");

                  ii)      Continued payment of your base salary on a
                           semi-monthly basis from the date of termination
                           through the end of the term of this Agreement or the
                           date six (6) months after the effective date of your
                           termination, whichever is later;

                  iii)     On, or within fifteen (15) days following the date of
                           termination, a pro-rated bonus equal to the product
                           of (x) the bonus payment set forth in Subparagraph
                           3(b) paid or earned and payable for the most recently
                           completed fiscal year of the Company and (y) a
                           fraction, the numerator of which is the number of
                           days in the current fiscal year through the date of
                           termination, and the denominator of which is 365 (the
                           "Pro-Rated Bonus"); and

                  iv)      On, or within fifteen (15) days following the date of
                           termination, payment of any portion of the Retention
                           Bonus described in Subparagraph 4(b) not paid as of
                           the date of termination.

                                       6




<PAGE>



                  In addition, you will not be obligated to return to the
                  Company any portion of the Retention Bonus you may have
                  received pursuant to Subparagraph 4(b) above. Notwithstanding
                  the foregoing, if during the term of this Agreement your
                  employment by the Company is terminated and as a result of
                  such termination you become eligible to receive payments
                  and/or benefits under the Sotheby's, Inc. Severance Plan, then
                  you shall not be entitled to receive the Pro-Rated Bonus in
                  accordance with the provisions of Subparagraph 11(a)(iii).

         b)       If during the term of this Agreement your employment by the
                  Company is terminated on account of your Permanent Disability
                  or your death, the Company shall pay or provide you (or, in
                  the event of your death, your estate) with the following:

                  i)       Accrued Obligations;

                  ii)      On, or within fifteen (15) days following the date of
                           termination, a Pro-Rated Bonus; and

                  iii)     On, or within fifteen (15) days following the date of
                           termination, payment of any portion of the Retention
                           Bonus described in Subparagraph 4(b) not paid as of
                           the date of termination.

                  In addition, you (or, in the event of your death, your estate)
                  will not be obligated to return to the Company any portion of
                  the Retention Bonus you may have received pursuant to
                  Subparagraph 4(b) above.

         c)       If during the term of this Agreement your employment by the
                  Company is terminated by the Company for Cause, this Agreement
                  shall terminate without further obligation to you, except that
                  the Company shall pay or provide you with the sum of your base
                  salary through the date of termination to the extent not
                  theretofore paid. You will not be eligible for any bonus or
                  special payments, including those in Subparagraphs 3(b) and
                  4(b), after the date of termination of your employment.

         d)       If during the term of this Agreement your employment by the
                  Company is terminated in accordance with Subparagraphs 1(b)(i)
                  hereof, the Company shall pay or provide you with the amounts
                  mutually agreed on by the Company and you.

         e)       Any payments payable pursuant to this Paragraph 11 beyond the
                  Accrued Obligations shall only be payable if you deliver to
                  the Company a release, as similarly required under the
                  Sotheby's, Inc. Severance Plan, of all your claims (excluding
                  from such release claims for payments or benefits specifically
                  payable or providable hereunder which are not yet paid as of
                  the effective date of the release, claims for vested accrued
                  benefits, claims under the Consolidated

                                       7




<PAGE>



                  Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985, as amended
                  ("COBRA") or claims relating to any rights of indemnification
                  under Paragraph 14) occurring up to the release date with
                  regard to the Company and its respective past or present
                  officers, directors and employees in such form as reasonably
                  requested by the Company.

(12)     Employment After Expiration of the Term of this Agreement.

         a)       If the Company does not offer to renew this Agreement within
                  60 days of receipt from you of a written request for such
                  renewal (which request shall be made not more than six (6)
                  months prior to September 30, 2004), on terms at least as
                  favorable as those in the final year of your employment
                  (except that its term need be no longer than one (1) year,
                  such agreement need not contain the provisions of this
                  Subparagraph (12)(a) and such agreement need not include the
                  Retention Bonus in Paragraph 4(b)), then you shall, upon the
                  expiration of this Agreement, be entitled to receive benefits
                  under the Severance Plan as if you were entitled to receive
                  such benefits under the terms of the plan.

         b)       After expiration of the term of this Agreement, and provided
                  that the Agreement is not extended or superseded by the mutual
                  written consent of the parties in accordance with Subparagraph
                  1(a), you will be an employee at-will; provided, however, that
                  (i) prior to resigning or retiring from the Company you will
                  provide the Company with a least six (6) months' written
                  notice of such resignation or retirement during which time the
                  provisions of Paragraphs 3(a), 4(a)(i) and 12 through 22 shall
                  continue, and (ii) prior to termination by the Company, the
                  Company will provide you with at least six (6) months' written
                  notice of termination during which time the provisions of
                  Paragraphs 3(a), 4(a)(i), 6, 10 and 12 through 22 shall
                  continue.

         c)       In any event, after notice is given either by you or the
                  Company pursuant to Subparagraph 12(b), you will remain an
                  employee through the 6-month notice period (the "Notice
                  Period"). After the expiration of the term of this Agreement,
                  and until the end of the Notice Period you will continue to
                  receive your base salary as set forth in Subparagraph 3(a),
                  and the provisions of Paragraphs 2, 4(a)(i), 5-8, 10, 12, 13
                  and 15 through 21 will remain in effect. It is at the sole
                  discretion of the Company whether you shall be required to
                  continue to perform services for the Company during the Notice
                  Period.

(13)     Non-Compete and Non-Solicitation Agreement

         a)       Because of the importance of stability and confidentiality
                  during this time of uncertainty for the Company, and because
                  you have specialized, unique confidential knowledge vital to
                  the Company, you agree that during the term of this Agreement
                  (and regardless of whether your employment is terminated) and
                  during the period you remain employed by the Company
                  (including the Notice Period), and for a period of six (6)
                  months following the term of this Agreement

                                       8




<PAGE>



                  or the Notice Period (as the case may be), you will not,
                  without the consent of the Company, directly or indirectly, in
                  New York, California or Connecticut engage directly or
                  indirectly in the real estate brokerage business, whether such
                  engagement by you is as an officer, director, proprietor,
                  employee, partner, owner, consultant, advisor, agent, sales
                  representative or other participation. Notwithstanding
                  anything contained herein to the contrary, the provisions of
                  this Subparagraph 13(a) shall not be deemed to prohibit your
                  mere ownership of less than five (5%) percent of the total
                  outstanding shares of all classes of securities of any
                  publicly held company.

         b)       In addition to the foregoing, during the term of this
                  Agreement and during the Notice Period, and for a period of
                  six (6) months following the term of this Agreement or the
                  Notice Period (as the case may be), you agree that you will
                  not, either alone or in concert with others, and will not
                  cause another to in any such case directly or indirectly,

                  i)       recruit, solicit or induce any Sotheby's employees to
                           terminate their employment with Sotheby's;

                  ii)      solicit the business of, do business with, or seek to
                           do business with, any client of the Company;

                  iii)     encourage or assist any competitor of the Company to
                           solicit or service any client of the Company; or

                  iv)      otherwise induce any client of the Company to cease
                           doing business with, or lessen its business with, the
                           Company.

         c)       The term "client" shall not include clients of Sotheby's with
                  whom you had no dealings on behalf of Sotheby's, or clients
                  you developed and maintained without any support or
                  assistance, whether financial or otherwise, from Sotheby's,
                  but shall include any person who has or has had business with
                  the Company with whom you did have dealings as well as that
                  person's estate, heirs and/or immediate family.

         d)       If at any time there is a judicial determination by any court
                  of competent jurisdiction that the time period, geographical
                  scope, or any other restriction contained in this Paragraph 13
                  is unenforceable against you, the provisions of this Paragraph
                  13 shall not be deemed void but shall be deemed amended to
                  apply as to such maximum time period, geographical scope and
                  to such other maximum extent as the court may judicially
                  determine or indicate to be enforceable.

(14)     Indemnification. The Company shall maintain for your benefit director
         and officer liability insurance in the same amount and to the same
         extent as the Company covers similarly situated employees. In addition,
         to the extent not covered by director and officer liability insurance,
         you shall be indemnified by the Company against liability as

                                       9




<PAGE>



         an officer or director of the Company to the maximum extent permitted
         by applicable law. Your rights under this Paragraph 14 shall continue
         so long as you may be subject to such liability, whether or not this
         Agreement may have terminated prior thereto

(15)     Miscellaneous. You may not assign your rights or delegate your
         obligations under this Agreement. Sotheby's shall be entitled to
         withhold from any payments or deemed payments under this Agreement any
         amount of withholding required by law. This Agreement constitutes the
         entire agreement between you and Sotheby's concerning the subject
         matter of your employment, with the exception of letters and documents
         specifically referenced herein, and it supersedes all prior agreements
         including, but not limited to, any prior notice and non-compete
         agreements, written or oral, discussions, and negotiations on that
         subject (other than the letters and documents specifically referenced
         herein). Any waiver or amendment of any provision of this Agreement
         must be done in writing and signed by both parties. At your request,
         the Company shall pay your reasonable attorney's fees and disbursements
         incurred by you in connection with the preparation, execution and
         delivery of this Agreement not to exceed $3,000.

(16)     Legal and Equitable Remedies. Sotheby's shall be entitled to enjoin a
         violation by you of any provision hereof. Moreover, the parties hereto
         acknowledge that the damages suffered by Sotheby's as a result of any
         violation of this Agreement may be difficult to ascertain. Accordingly,
         the parties agree that in the event of a breach of this Agreement by
         you, Sotheby's shall be entitled to specific enforcement by injunctive
         relief of your obligations to Sotheby's. The remedies referred to above
         shall not be deemed to be exclusive of any other remedies available to
         Sotheby's, including to enforce the performance or observation of the
         covenants and agreements contained in this Agreement.

(17)     Severability. If at any time there is a judicial determination by any
         court of competent jurisdiction that any provision of this Agreement is
         unenforceable against you, the other provisions of this Agreement shall
         not be rendered void but shall be deemed amended to apply as to such
         maximum extent as the court may judicially determine or indicate to be
         enforceable under New York law.

(18)     Choice of Law/Choice of Forum. This Agreement shall be governed by,
         construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of New
         York irrespective of the principles of conflicts of law, and you
         consent to the jurisdiction of the state and federal courts situated in
         New York City for the purpose of adjudicating any dispute relating to
         this Agreement.

(19)     Binding on Successor Company. This Agreement shall remain in effect and
         binding upon any successor or assign of Sotheby's including any entity
         that (whether directly or indirectly, by purchase, merger,
         reorganization, consolidation, acquisition of property or stock,
         liquidation or otherwise) is the survivor of the Company or that
         acquires the Company and/or substantially all the assets of the Company
         in accordance with the operation of law, and such successor entity
         shall be deemed the "Company" for purposes of this Agreement. In the
         situations set forth in this Paragraph 19, if this Agreement is

                                       10




<PAGE>


         not assumed as a matter of law, the Company will require its assumption
         by the successor entity.

(20)     Representation by Counsel. The parties have each been represented by
         counsel of their own choosing in negotiating this Agreement.

(21)     Notices. For the purpose of this Agreement, notices and all other
         communications provided for in this Agreement shall be in writing and
         shall be delivered personally or mailed by United States certified or
         registered mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed
         to you at the address set forth on the initial page of this Agreement,
         with a copy to Barry J. Brett, Esq., Jenkens & Gilchrist Parker Chapin
         LLP, 405 Lexington Avenue, New York, NY 10174 and to the Company at
         Sotheby's, Inc., 1334 York Avenue, New York, New York 10021, Attention:
         General Counsel, or to such other address as either party may have
         furnished to the other in writing in accordance herewith. Any such
         notice shall be deemed given when so delivered personally, or, if
         mailed, five (5) days after the date of deposit in the United States
         mail, except that notice of change of address shall be effective only
         upon receipt.

                  [remainder of page intentionally left blank]

                                       11




<PAGE>



         Please review this Agreement carefully and, if it correctly states our
agreement, sign and return to me the enclosed copy.

                                                    Very truly yours,

                                                    SOTHEBY'S, INC.

                                                    By: /s/ William F. Ruprecht
                                                        -----------------------
                                                        William F. Ruprecht
                                                        Chief Executive Officer

Read, accepted and agreed to as of the
1st day of September, 2002

/s/ Stuart Siegel
-----------------
Stuart Siegel

                                      12





</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
