<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>exhibit2-2.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 2.2
<TEXT>
                                  Exhibit 2.2

             Agreement for the Purchase and Sale of Business Assets
                            of Champion Trailer, Inc.




     This Agreement for the Purchase and Sale of Business  Assets,  (hereinafter
called "Agreement") is made this 31st day of January,  2003 (the "Closing Date")
by and among Obsidian  Enterprises,  Inc.,  ("Shareholder"),  Champion  Trailer,
Inc.,  ("Seller")  and Champion  Trailer  Acquisition  Company,  LLC, an Indiana
Limited  Liability  Company,  with its principal  office at 111 Monument Circle,
Suite 4800, Indianapolis, IN 46204 ("Purchaser").


                                WITNESSETH THAT:


     WHEREAS,   Seller  has  carried  on  the  business  of  manufacturing   and
distributing trailers primarily in the racing industry at its facilities located
in Lewisville, Texas; and


     WHEREAS,  Shareholder  is the owner of all of the  authorized,  issued  and
outstanding capital stock of Seller; and


     WHEREAS, Purchaser is willing to purchase substantially all of the business
assets of Seller for the  consideration of an assumption of substantially all of
Seller's  liabilities and other payments  described herein and Seller is willing
to convey to Purchaser  substantially  all of the business  assets of Seller for
such consideration.


     NOW  THEREFORE,  in  consideration  of  the  representations,   warranties,
covenants and agreements  hereinafter set forth, the Parties hereto covenant and
agree as follows:


1.   Definitions


     Where used in this Agreement or in any amendment, the following terms shall
have the following meanings respectively:


(a)  "Accounts  Receivable" means all accounts  receivable,  trade notes,  notes
     receivable,  book debts,  verified  unbilled  receivables and other accrued
     payments  and  obligations  or debts due or  accruing  due to the Seller in
     connection  with the  Business  as it existed as of January  31,  2003 (the
     "Effective Date");


(b)  "Agreement"  means this Agreement of Purchase and Sale of Business  Assets,
     including all schedules, exhibits and all instruments supplemental to or in
     amendment or confirmation of this Agreement;


(c)  "As-Is,  Where Is" means the business  assets as sold to Purchaser are sold
     and conveyed without any  representations  or warranties as to condition or
     fitness for a particular purpose;


(d)  "Assumption Agreement" means the Agreement executed and delivered to Seller
     by  Purchaser  wherein  Purchaser  assumes and agrees to pay  certain  debt
     obligations to DCI.
<PAGE>


(e)  "Assumed  Liabilities" means all of the obligations of the Seller as of the
     Effective  Date assumed by the Purchaser at Closing,  excluding any and all
     debts and obligations  Seller has now or in the future to Markpoint  Equity
     Growth Fund, J.V. ("Markpoint");


(f)  "Business"  has  the  meaning  given  to it in the  fist  recital  to  this
     Agreement;


(g)  "Closing" means the conclusion of the sale to and purchase by the Purchaser
     of the Purchased Assets under this Agreement;


(h)  "Closing Date" means the date written in the first paragraph above;


(i)  "Champion" means Champion Trailer, Inc., an Indiana corporation,  qualified
     to do business in Texas;


(j)  "DCI" means DC Investments, LLC, an Indiana limited liability company;


(k)  "Obsidian" means Obsidian Enterprises, Inc., a Delaware corporation;


(l)  "Effective  Date" means the 31st day of  January,  2003,  unless  otherwise
     agreed to in writing by the parties;


(m)  "Excluded  Assets"  means the  following  property and assets of the Seller
     pertaining to the Business:


     (i)  all of the  corporate  books and records of the Seller  including  all
          corporate minute books,  board records,  including all tax returns and
          financial statements;


     (ii) All tax  attributes  of the Seller and  Shareholder  including but not
          limited  to, all tax losses,  carry  forwards,  refunds and  suspended
          losses;


(n)  "Financial  Statements"  means the financial  statements of the Seller with
     respect to the Business together with the unaudited  balance sheet,  income
     statement and statement of changes in financial position of the Seller with
     respect to the  Business  for the year to date and month ended  January 31,
     2003, copies of which have been delivered to Purchaser;


(o)  "Leased  Equipment" means those assets in the possession of the Seller,  if
     any,  by virtue of written  leases of goods or other  possessory  rights to
     goods;


(p)  "Parties" means the  Shareholder,  Seller and Purchaser and their corporate
     parents, subsidiaries,  divisions and affiliates, collectively, and "Party"
     means any one of them;


(q)  "Person"   means  any   individual,   sole   proprietorship,   corporation,
     partnership,  limited liability company, trustee or trust or unincorporated
     association; and pronouns have a similarly extended meaning;
<PAGE>


(r)  "Purchase Price" shall have the meaning described in paragraph 2(b);


(s)  "Purchased Assets" means all the assets,  personal property and Real Estate
     (other than the Excluded  Assets) owned by Seller and used in the operation
     of the Business including, without limitation, the following properties and
     assets located at 1620 E. Highway 121, Lewisville, TX 75056;


     (i)  all impact tools, hand tools and all office equipment,  computers, lap
          top computers,  and supplies and leased office equipment, if any, such
          as telephone system, copiers, fax machines;


     (ii) personal  property  relating to the Business and all right,  title and
          interest  of the  Seller  in,  to and  under  material  contracts  and
          agreements to build and distribute Seller's products, if any, provided
          that, the Purchaser shall in no event be liable or responsible for any
          liabilities or  obligations of Seller which shall be in existence,  or
          accruing, at the Closing Date by reason of the assignment of contracts
          or agreements other than the Assumed Liabilities  specifically assumed
          by virtue of this Agreement;


     (iii)all  inventories of raw materials,  component  parts,  warranty parts,
          packaging  materials,  work-in-progress,   finished  goods,  including
          consigned  inventory,  operating  supplies  and office  supplies of or
          pertaining to the Business;


     (iv) all right, title, benefit and interest of the Seller in respect of all
          registered or  unregistered  trade marks,  logos and trade names of or
          pertaining  to the  Business or owned by the Seller and all  renewals,
          modifications and extensions thereof;


     (v)  all patterns,  plans,  designs,  research data,  patents,  copyrights,
          trade secrets and other  proprietary  know-how,  processes,  drawings,
          technology,  unpatented blueprints,  flow sheets,  equipment and parts
          listed and  descriptions  and  related  instructions,  manuals,  data,
          records and procedures and any and all data used in the Business,  and
          all licenses,  agreements and other contracts and commitments relating
          to any of the foregoing to which the Seller is a party;


     (vi) all amounts  prepaid in connection  with the Business or the Purchased
          Assets,  to the extent  same  exist and are  capable  of  transfer  to
          Purchaser,  including,  without  limitation,  taxes,  business  taxes,
          rents, telephone,  insurance and utility deposits; (excluding Seller's
          tax attributes set forth under "Excluded Assets");


     (vii)all right,  title and  interest of the Seller in, to and in respect of
          the names "Champion Trailer" and variations thereof;


     (viii) the full benefit of all  warranties  and warranty  rights  (implied,
          express or otherwise) against  manufacturers or sellers which apply to
          any of the Purchased Assets;


     (ix) all books and records and files  relating to the Business,  (excluding
          Excluded  Assets)  stored  on any  type of  media  including,  without
          limitation, all production, inventory, sales, and customer records and
          lists  containing  addresses,  phone numbers and business  contacts of
          such customers and all correspondence,  research  materials,  contract
          documents,  licenses  and  permits,  except  that  where the Seller is
          required by law to retain a particular book,  record or file, it shall
          retain such book,  record or file and deliver to the  Purchaser a copy
          thereof,   provided  however  that  such  books  and  records  in  the
          possession of Purchaser  shall be maintained by Purchaser for a period
          of five years,  made available to Seller for any  legitimate  business
          purposes,  including the preparation of tax returns or the response to
          any   litigation   or  other  claims  or  requests  of   governamental
          authorities, or for the response to creditor claims or inquiries;


     (x)  all cash in the accounts of Seller on Closing Date;


     (xi) all Accounts  Receivable of Champion  Trailer as same exist on Closing
          Date;


     (xii) all machinery and equipment;


     (xiii) the lease hold interest in Real Estate used in  connection  with the
          Business  and located at 1620 E.  Highway  121,  Lewisville,  TX 75056
          including  all  plants,  buildings,  fixtures  and other  improvements
          located therein;


     (xiv)all other  rights,  properties  and assets  (other  than any  Excluded
          Assets) of the Seller which are owned by Seller and used in connection
          with the Business, of whatever nature or kind and wherever situated;


(t)  "Real Estate"  means all real estate used in  connection  with the Business
     including  all  buildings,  improvements,  and fixtures  located at 1620 E.
     Highway 121, Lewisville, TX 75056 whether owned by Seller or others;


(u)  "DCI Debt"  means the  obligations  of Seller to DC  Investments,  LLC,  as
     described in certain  Promissory Notes executed by Seller to the benefit of
     DCI;


(v)  "Shareholder" means Obsidian Enterprises, Inc., a Delaware Corporation, and
     the sole shareholder of Champion Trailer, Inc.;


2.   Agreement to Purchase and Purchase Price


(a)  Agreement to Purchase and Purchase Price. Upon the terms and subject to the
     conditions of this Agreement,  the Seller agrees to sell,  convey,  assign,
     transfer and deliver to the Purchaser and the Purchaser  agrees to purchase
     from the Seller, the Purchased Assets on the Closing Date for the "Purchase
     Price."


(b)  Purchase  Price.  The Purchase  Price shall be  Purchaser's  assumption and
     agreement to pay all the  liabilities as same exists as of January 31, 2003
     and the payment of one dollar ($1.00) (the "Purchase Price").


(c)  Allocation of Purchase  Price.  The Seller and the  Purchaser  covenant and
     agree that the Purchase  Price for the Purchased  Assets shall be allocated
     as to be agreed to by the parties.


3.   Non-Assumption of Liabilities


     It is understood  and agreed  between the parties that the Purchaser is not
assuming  any  liability  with  respect  to any  currently  existing  or  future
liability with respect to Markpoint.  Seller and Shareholder  agree to indemnify
and defend Purchaser with respect to any claims by Markpoint.


4.   Payment of Purchase Price and Transfer and Delivery of Purchased Assets


     (1) Payment of Purchase Price.  The Purchase Price for the Purchased Assets
shall be paid and satisfied by the Purchaser as follows:


(a)  by the  execution  and  delivery  of  this  Agreement  and  the  Assumption
     Agreement and payment of one dollar ($1.00).
<PAGE>


     (2) Transfer and delivery of Purchased Assets. The Seller shall execute and
deliver or cause to be executed and  delivered to the  Purchaser a Bill of Sale,
and such other assignments,  instruments of transfer,  assurances,  consents and
other  documents as shall be necessary to effectively  transfer to the Purchaser
As-Is Where-Is all the Seller's  right,  title and interest in, to and under, or
in respect of, the Purchased  Assets which documents shall have been prepared by
Purchaser.  Seller  shall  execute  and  deliver  all  assignments,   and  other
instruments of transfer as shall be necessary to effectively  transfer  Seller's
interest  in the Real  Estate to  Purchaser.  The Seller and  Shareholder  shall
co-operate  with the  Purchaser,  at such time or  thereafter,  in effecting the
registrations, recordings and filings with public authorities as may be required
in connection  with the transfer of ownership of the  Purchased  Assets and Real
Estate to the Purchaser.  All costs in connection  with such  registrations  and
filings and any mortgage and/or transfer taxes shall be borne by Purchaser.


5.       Representations and Warranties


     (1)  Representations  and  warranties  of the Seller and  Shareholder.  The
Seller and Shareholder  represent,  warrant,  covenant and agree to and with the
Purchaser that:


(a)  The Seller and Shareholder are corporations  duly  incorporated,  organized
     and   validly   existing   under  the  laws  of  their   jurisdictions   of
     incorporation.


(b)  The Seller and Shareholder have all necessary  corporate  power,  authority
     and  capacity to own the  Purchased  Assets and to carry on the Business as
     presently  conducted and are in good standing in each jurisdiction in which
     the nature of the  Business or the  Purchased  Assets  makes  qualification
     necessary.


(c)  The Shareholder and Seller have all necessary  corporate  power,  authority
     and  capacity  to  enter  into  this  Agreement  and  to  carry  out  their
     obligations  under this  Agreement  and the  execution and delivery of this
     Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated herein have
     been duly authorized by all necessary  corporate  action on the part of the
     Seller and Shareholder.


(d)  The  Seller  and/or  Shareholder  are the owners of the  Purchased  Assets,
     (excluding any leasehold interest in real estate personality) with good and
     valid title subject to any and all existing liens and encumbrances.


(e)  This Agreement  constitutes the valid and binding  obligation of the Seller
     and  Shareholder,   enforceable  against  the  Seller  and  Shareholder  in
     accordance  with  the  terms  of  this  Agreement  subject,   however,   to
     limitations  with respect to enforcement  imposed by law in connection with
     bankruptcy or similar proceedings and to the extent that equitable remedies
     such as specific  performance  and  injunction are in the discretion of the
     court from which they are sought.


     (2) Seller and Shareholder make no further  representations  or warranties.
Except for the representations and warranties made by the Seller and Shareholder
in this Agreement, the Seller and Shareholder make no further representations or
warranties to the Purchaser of any kind, character or nature, whether express or
implied,  statutory or otherwise, with respect to the Purchased Assets, the Real
Estate or the Business  including,  without  limitation,  any representations or
warranties  regarding  merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose,  and
the  Purchased  Assets  and Real  Estate are  transferred  to  Purchaser  "As-Is
Where-Is",  and Seller makes no representation as to what assets are transferred
herein other than that the purpose of the transfer documents  delivered herewith
is to transfer  all of the  Seller's  right title and interest to all the assets
owned and used in the Business, with the exception of the Excluded Assets.
<PAGE>


     (3) Representations and warranties of Purchaser.  The Purchaser represents,
warrants, covenants and agrees to and with the Seller and Shareholder that:


(a)  The Purchaser is a limited liability company organized and validly existing
     under the laws of the State of Indiana.


(b)  The Purchaser has all necessary power, authority and capacity to enter into
     this Agreement and to perform its  obligations  under this  Agreement;  the
     execution  and  delivery  of this  Agreement  and the  consummation  of the
     transactions  contemplated  by this Agreement have been duly  authorized by
     all necessary Member action on the part of the Purchaser.


(c)  This Agreement constitutes a valid and binding obligation of the Purchaser,
     enforceable  against  it in  accordance  with the terms of this  Agreement,
     subject, however, to limitations with respect to enforcement imposed by law
     in connection with bankruptcy or similar proceedings and to the extent that
     equitable  remedies such as specific  performance and injunction are in the
     discretion of the court from which they are sought.

     7.   Nature  and   survival  of   representations   and   warranties.   All
representations and warranties,  contained in this Agreement on the part of each
of the Parties shall survive the Closing for a period of one year.

     8.  Counterparts.  This  Agreement  may be executed  simultaneously  in any
number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, and all
such counterparts shall together constitute one and the same document.


     IN WITNESS  WHEREOF the Parties have duly executed this agreement as of the
date first written.


"SHAREHOLDER"                                   "SELLER"
OBSIDIAN ENTERPRISES, INC.                      CHAMPION TRAILER, INC.


/s Terry G. Whitesell                           /s/ Marc Kennedy
---------------------------------               ----------------------------
By:  Terry G. Whitesell, President              By:  Marc Kennedy, President


"PURCHASER"
Champion Trailer Acquisition Company, LLC


/s/ Timothy S. Durham
---------------------------------
By: Timothy S. Durham, Member



<PAGE>



                              ASSUMPTION AGREEMENT


     THIS AGREEMENT is made effective as of the 31st day of January, 2003, among
Champion  Trailer,  Inc., an Indiana  corporation  ("Seller"),  Champion Trailer
Acquisition  Company,  LLC, an Indiana limited liability company  ("Purchaser"),
and DC Investments, LLC ("Lender").


                            W I T N E S S E T H: That
                               - - - - - - - - - -


     WHEREAS,  Seller  and Lender are  parties  to certain  Promissory  Notes as
attached hereto (collectively "Notes");


     WHEREAS,  Seller and  Purchaser are entering into an Agreement for Purchase
and Sale of Business  Assets and related  documentation  effective as of January
31, 2003 providing for the Seller selling to Purchaser certain personal property
(collectively,  the "Sale Assets"),  and in connection  therewith  Purchaser has
agreed to assume the debt and the Seller's  obligations  set forth in the Notes,
all as provided herein; and


     WHEREAS,  the parties  hereto  desire to agree to various  other matters in
connection  with the Notes and the transfer of the Sale Assets,  all as provided
herein.


     NOW,  THEREFORE,  in consideration of the mutual covenants contained herein
and the acts to be performed hereunder, the parties hereto agree as follows:


1.   ASSUMPTION AND SECURITY INTEREST GRANT


     (a)  Assumption.  Purchaser  hereby  assumes  repayment of all  Outstanding
Indebtedness  and all other  principal and interest  payment  obligations  which
accrue from and after January 31, 2003 under the Notes,  and the  performance of
all of the other terms and conditions of the Notes.


     (b)  Security  Interest.  Purchaser  hereby  grants  to  Lender a  security
interest in all of the Sale Assets and all other  property of the  Purchaser now
existing or hereafter  acquired to secure all of Purchaser's  obligations  under
the Notes and to the extent  provided  in the Notes.  In  connection  therewith,
Lender is authorized to file such financing statements and record such documents
as Lender deems necessary or appropriate in connection therewith,  and Purchaser
will execute such documents in connection  therewith as reasonably  requested by
Lender.


2.   CONSENT TO SALE


     Lender  hereby  consents  to the sale and  transfer  of the Sale  Assets by
Seller to  Purchaser,  accepts  Purchaser  as its  obligor  and shall  amend its
records to indicate  the  transfer of the Sale Assets from the name of Seller to
the name of Purchaser.

<PAGE>

3.   OTHER LIENS


     Purchaser  certifies  to Lender that no lien or other  charge upon the Sale
Assets,  or any other  property  of  Purchaser,  has been given or  executed  by
Purchaser or has been contracted or agreed to be so given or executed.


4.   CERTAIN _PURCHASER WARRANTIES AND COVENANTS


     To induce  Lender to enter into this  Agreement,  Purchaser  represents  to
Lender as follows:


     (a) Purchaser  represents that it is an Indiana limited  liability  company
which is duly  organized  and  existing  under  and by virtue of the laws of the
State of Indiana and that it will  qualify to do  business as a foreign  limited
liability company in the State of Texas. Purchaser further represents that it is
duly  authorized  to assume the subject loan,  that those persons  acting on its
behalf are duly  authorized  to execute and deliver this  Agreement and the Loan
Documents  to which  they are  signatories  and that  Purchaser  has  taken  all
necessary  action to authorize the  assumption  upon the terms and conditions of
this Agreement and to authorize delivery of the documents herein referenced.


     (b)  The   consummation  of  the  transactions   contemplated   hereby  and
performance of the Loan Documents have not and will not result in any breach of,
or constitute a default under, any mortgage,  deed of trust, lease, bank loan or
credit  agreement,  charter document or other instrument to which Purchaser is a
parry or by which it may be bound or affected.


     (c) Purchaser  represents  that to the best of  Purchaser's  knowledge,  no
statement  of fact made by or on behalf of  Purchaser  in this  Agreement  or by
Purchaser  in any  agreement,  certificate  or schedule  furnished to the tender
pursuant  hereto or in  connection  herewith,  contains any untrue  statement of
material fact or omits to state any material fact  necessary to make  statements
contained therein or herein not misleading.


5.   CERTAIN SELLER WARRANTIES AND COVENANTS


     To induce  Lender to enter into this  Agreement,  Purchaser  represents  to
Lender that Seller and those persons acting on its behalf have  represented  and
warranted to Purchaser that they are duly authorized to execute and deliver this
Agreement and the other Notes to which they are  signatories  and have taken all
necessary  action to authorize the assumption  under the terms and conditions of
this Agreement and to authorize delivery of the documents herein referenced.


6.   NO WAIVER


     The  execution of this  Agreement by Lender is not intended nor shall it be
construed  as an actual or implied  waiver of (i) any  default  under any Notes;
(ii) any  requirement  under any of the Notes except to the extent  specified in
this Agreement; (iii) any right contained in any of the Notes to demand payment;
or (iv) any rights Lender may have against any person not a party hereto.
<PAGE>


7.   NOVATION


     The parties  acknowledge and agree that this Agreement  shall  constitute a
novation of the indebtedness evidenced and secured by the Notes.


8.   NOTICE ADDRESS


     Purchaser's  Notice Address for purposes of the Loan Documents shall be the
address set forth below:

                  Champion Trailer Acquisition Company, LLC
                  STE. 4800
                  111 Monument Circle
                  Indianapolis, IN 46204
                  Attn: Timothy S. Durham, Managing Member


9.   FURTHER ASSURANCES


     Each of the parties hereto shall,  from time to time, at the other parties'
reasonable  request,  and without further  consideration,  perform such acts and
execute and deliver to the other parties such other and further  instruments and
documents as such other parties may  reasonably  request for the more  effective
consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.


10.  CONSTRUCTION; BINDING EFFECT; MISCELLANEOUS


     All  provisions  of the Notes  remain in full  force and  effect as therein
written,  except as expressly  modified by this Agreement.  To the extent of any
conflict  between  the  Notes  (or any  earlier  modification  of them) and this
Agreement,  this Agreement shall control.  This Agreement binds and benefits the
parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns;  provided,  however,
that no party but Lender may assign its rights hereunder  without Lender's prior
written   consent.   This  Agreement  may  be  executed  in  several   identical
counterparts  all of which shall  constitute one and the same  instrument.  This
Agreement  shall  be  governed  by and  construed  by the  laws of the  State of
Indiana.

<PAGE>



     IN WITNESS WHEREOF,  the parties have executed this Agreement as of the day
and year first set forth above.


                                 CHAMPION TRAILER, INC.


                                 By: /s/ Mark Kennedy
                                 ------------------------------------------
                                 Mark Kennedy, President
                                 "Seller"


                                 CHAMPION TRAILER ACQUISITION CO., LLC


                                 By: /s/ Terry G. Whitesell
                                 ------------------------------------------
                                 Terry G. Whitesell, Member
                                 "Purchaser"


                                 DC INVESTMENTS, LLC


                                 By: /s/ Timothy S. Durham
                                 ------------------------------------------
                                 Timothy S. Durham, Managing Member
                                 "Lender"


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
