<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>ex10-4.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.4
<TEXT>
                                  Exhibit 10.4

                              TERM PROMISSORY NOTE

                                         $927,500.00
                                         Indianapolis,   Indiana
                                         Dated: January 3, 2003
                                         Final Maturity  Date:  January 3, 2006



     On or before January 3, 2006 ("Final Maturity"),  OBSIDIAN LEASING, INC., a
Mississippi limited liability company (the"Maker")  promises to pay to the order
of FAIR  HOLDINGS,  INC., an Ohio  corporation,  (the "Lender") at his principal
office at 111 Monument Circle, Suite 4800, Indianapolis,  Indiana, the principal
sum of NINE  HUNDRED  TWENTY  SEVEN  THOUSAND  FIVE  HUNDRED AND NO/100  DOLLARS
($927,500.00) or so much of the principal amount of the Loan represented by this
Note as may be disbursed by the Lender under the terms described  below,  and to
pay interest on the unpaid  principal  balance  outstanding from time to time as
provided herein.

     The  principal  amount of the Loan  outstanding  from time to time shall be
determined  by reference to the books and records of the Lender and all payments
by the Maker on account of the Loan shall be  recorded.  Such books and  records
shall be deemed prima facia to be correct as to such matters.

     Each of the following shall constitute an Event of Default under this Note:

(a)  Nonpayment of Loan:  Default in, the payment when due of any amount payable
     under the terms of this  Note,  or  otherwise  payable to the Lender or any
     holder of this Note under the terms of this Note;

(b)  Bankruptcy,  Insolvency,  etc.: Maker admitting in writing the inability to
     pay his debts as they  mature or an  administrative  or  judicial  order or
     determination  of insolvency being entered against Maker; or Maker making a
     general assignment for the benefit of creditors; or, in the absence of such
     application, consent or acquiescence, a trustee or receiver being appointed
     for Maker or a  substantial  part of his property and not being  discharged
     within 60 days; or any bankruptcy,  reorganization,  debt  arrangement,  or
     other proceeding under the bankruptcy or insolvency law, or any dissolution
     or liquidation proceeding being instituted by or against Maker.

     Interest on the unpaid  principal  balance of the Loan outstanding from the
date of the Note until the Maturity  Date shall accrue at a per annum rate equal
to thirteen percent (13%) with such accrued interest to be paid on the first day
of each month and each month thereafter until the Final Maturity.  Interest will
be calculated on the basis that an entire year's interest is earned in 360 days.

     Upon an Event of  Default,  including  failure to pay upon Final  Maturity,
Lender at his option may also, if permitted under applicable law, do one or both
of the  following:  (a) increase the  applicable  interest rate on this Note two
percent (2%) and (b) add any unpaid  accrued  interest to the principal and such
sum will bear interest thereon until paid at the rate provided in this Note. The
interest rate will not exceed the maximum rate permitted by applicable law.
<PAGE>

     The  entire  outstanding  principal  balance  of this Note shall be due and
payable,  together with accrued  interest,  at Final Maturity.  Principal may be
prepaid at anytime without penalty.

     If any installment of interest due under the terms of this Note is not paid
when due,  then the  Lender or any  subsequent  holder of this Note may,  at its
option and without notice,  declare the entire  principal amount of the Note and
all accrued interest immediately due and payable.

     If  payment  is 10 days or  more  late,  Maker  will be  charged  5% of the
regularly  scheduled  payment.  Each late payment fee assessed  shall be due and
payable on the earlier of the next regularly  scheduled interest payment date or
the  maturity  of this  Note.  Waiver  by the  Lender  of any late  payment  fee
assessed,  or the failure of the Lender in any instance to assess a late payment
fee shall not be construed as a waiver by the Lender of its right to assess late
payment fees thereafter.

     Unless otherwise agreed to, in writing, or otherwise required by applicable
law,  payments  will be  applied  first to  accrued,  unpaid  interest,  then to
principal, and any remaining amount to any unpaid collection costs, late charges
and other charges, provided,  however, upon delinquency or other default, Lender
reserves the right to apply payment  among  principal,  interest,  late charges,
collection costs and other charges at its discretion.  All prepayments  shall be
applied to the  indebtedness  owing hereunder in such order and manner as Lender
may from time to time determine in his sole discretion.

     The Maker and any endorsers severally waive demand, presentment for payment
and notice of nonpayment of this Note, and each of them consents to any renewals
or extensions of the time of payment of this Note without notice.

     All  amounts  payable  under the terms of this Note shall be  payable  with
expenses of  collection,  including  attorneys'  fees,  and without  relief from
valuation and appraisement laws.

     This  Note  is  made  under  and  will  be  governed  in all  cases  by the
substantive laws of the State of Indiana  notwithstanding  the fact that Indiana
conflicts of law rules might otherwise  require the substantive  rules of law of
another jurisdiction to apply.

     THE MAKER AND  LENDER (BY  ACCEPTANCE  OF THIS  NOTE)  HEREBY  VOLUNTARILY,
KNOWINGLY,  IRREVOCABLY  AND  UNCONDITIONALLY  WAIVE  ANY  RIGHT  TO HAVE A JURY
PARTCIPATE  IN RESOLVING  ANY DISPUTE  (WHETHER  BASED UPON A CONTRACT)  TORT OR
OTHERWISE)  BETWEEN  MAKER AND LENDER  ARISING OUT OF OR ANY WAY RELATED TO THIS
NOTE OR ANY RRELATIONSHIP BETWEEN LENDER AND MAKER. THIS PROVISION IS A MATERIAL
INDUCMENT TO LENDER TO PROVIDE THE FINANCING DESCRIBED HEREIN.


                  "MAKER"


                  OBSIDIAN LEASING, INC.


                  By:      /s/ Jeffrey W. Osler
                        -------------------------------
                  Its:     President
                        -------------------------------



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
