<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>ex10-9.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.9
<TEXT>
                                  Exhibit 10.9

               FIRST AMENDMENT TO PROMISSORY NOTE (LINE OF CREDIT)


     WHEREAS,  Obsidian Enterprises,  Inc., a Delaware corporation,  executed as
"Maker",  a  certain  Promissory  Note  dated  January  9, 2002 in favor of Fair
Holdings, Inc, an Ohio corporation,  (the "Note"), as "Lender", in the principal
amount of Three Million and 00/100 Dollars with a Final Maturity Date of January
9, 2005 (a true and accurate copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit "A").

     WHEREAS, Obsidian Enterprises,  Inc. and Fair Holdings, Inc. have agreed to
amend the Note so that the  principal  amount of the Note shall be  increased to
the sum of Five Million and 00/100 Dollars ($5,000,000.00).

     NOW  THEREFORE,  inconsideration  of the  recitals  set forth above and the
covenants,   conditions  and  agreements   contained  herein,  the  receipt  and
sufficiency of which are hereby  acknowledged,  the Parties consent and agree as
follows:

     1.   The principal  balance of the Note is hereby increased to Five Million
          and 00/100  Dollars  ($5,000,000.00).  Except for the amendment to the
          principal  balance,  all other terms and conditions of the Note remain
          in full force and effect as if fully stated herein.

     IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  the  parties  have  caused  this First  Amendment  to
Promissory Note to be executed this 2nd day of January, 2003.


Obsidian Enterprises, Inc.                      Fair Holdings, Inc.


By: /s/ Timothy S. Durham                       By: /s/ Timothy S. Durham
   ---------------------------                     ----------------------------
   Timothy S. Durham, Chairman                     Timothy S. Durham, Chairman


<PAGE>

                                  Exhibit A

                        PROMISSORY NOTE (Line of Credit)

                                            $3,000,000.00
                                            Indianapolis, Indiana
                                            Dated: January 9, 2002
                                            Final Maturity Date: January 9, 2005

     On or before  January 9, 2005  ("Final  Maturity"),  OBSIDIAN  ENTERPRISES,
INC., a Delaware  corporation (the "Maker") promises to pay to the order of FAIR
HOLDINGS,  INC., an Ohio corporation,  (the "Lender") at his principal office at
111 Monument Circle,  Suite 3680,  Indianapolis,  Indiana,  the principal sum of
THREE  MILLION AND NO/100  DOLLARS  ($3,000,000.00)  or so much of the principal
amount of the Loan  represented  by this Note as may be  disbursed by the Lender
under the terms  described  below,  and to pay interest on the unpaid  principal
balance outstanding from time to time as provided herein.

     This Note evidences indebtedness (the "Loan") incurred or to be incurred by
the Maker under a revolving  line of credit  extended to the Maker by the Lender
as  provided  herein.  The  proceeds  of the Loan may be  advanced,  repaid  and
re-advanced  until  Final  Maturity  Date.  The  principal  amount  of the  Loan
outstanding  from time to time shall be determined by reference to the books and
records of the Lender and all payments by the Maker on account of the Loan shall
be recorded. Such books and records shall be deemed prima facia to be correct as
to such matters.  From this date and until the Final Maturity,  Lender agrees to
make  advances  from time to time to the Maker of amounts not  exceeding  in the
aggregate at any time outstanding the amount of Three Million and no/100 Dollars
($3,000,000.00),  provided that all of the  conditions of lending  stated herein
have been fulfilled at the time of each advance and no default exists.

     Each of the following shall constitute an Event of Default under this Note:

(a)  Nonpayment of Loan:  Default in the payment when due of any amount  payable
     under the terms of this  Note,  or  otherwise  payable to the Lender or any
     holder of this Note under the terms of this Note;

(b)  Bankruptcy,  Insolvency,  etc.: Maker admitting in writing the inability to
     pay his debts as they  mature or an  administrative  or  judicial  order or
     determination  of insolvency being entered against Maker; or Maker making a
     general assignment for the benefit of creditors; or, in the absence of such
     application, consent or acquiescence, a trustee or receiver being appointed
     for Maker or a  substantial  part of his property and not being  discharged
     within 60 days; or any bankruptcy,  reorganization,  debt  arrangement,  or
     other proceeding under the bankruptcy or insolvency law, or any dissolution
     or liquidation proceeding being instituted by or against Maker.

     Interest on the unpaid principal  balance of the Loan outstanding from time
to time  prior to Final  Maturity  will  accrue at a per annum rate equal to ten
percent (10%). Interest shall begin to accrue on the date of this Note and shall
be due and payable on the Final  Maturity.  Interest  will be  calculated on the
basis that an entire year's interest is earned in 360 days.
<PAGE>

     Upon an Event of  Default,  including  failure to pay upon Final  Maturity,
Lender at his option may also, if permitted under applicable law, do one or both
of the  following:  (a) increase the  applicable  interest rate on this Note two
percent (2%) and (b) add any unpaid  accrued  interest to the principal and such
sum will bear interest thereon until paid at the rate provided in this Note. The
interest rate will not exceed the maximum rate permitted by applicable law.

     The  entire  outstanding  principal  balance  of this Note shall be due and
payable,  together with accrued  interest,  at Final Maturity.  Principal may be
prepaid at anytime without penalty.

     If any installment of interest due under the terms of this Note is not paid
when due,  then the  Lender or any  subsequent  holder of this Note may,  at its
option and without notice,  declare the entire  principal amount of the Note and
all accrued interest immediately due and payable.

     If  payment  is 10 days or  more  late,  Maker  will be  charged  5% of the
regularly  scheduled  payment.  Each late payment fee assessed  shall be due and
payable on the earlier of the next regularly  scheduled interest payment date or
the  maturity  of this  Note.  Waiver  by the  Lender  of any late  payment  fee
assessed,  or the failure of the Lender in any instance to assess a late payment
fee shall not be construed as a waiver by the Lender of its right to assess late
payment fees thereafter.

     Unless otherwise agreed to, in writing, or otherwise required by applicable
law,  payments  will be  applied  first to  accrued,  unpaid  interest,  then to
principal, and any remaining amount to any unpaid collection costs, late charges
and other charges, provided,  however, upon delinquency or other default, Lender
reserves the right to apply payment  among  principal,  interest,  late charges,
collection costs and other charges at its discretion.  All prepayments  shall be
applied to the  indebtedness  owing hereunder in such order and manner as Lender
may from time to time determine in his sole discretion.

     The Maker and any endorsers severally waive demand, presentment for payment
and notice of nonpayment of this Note, and each of them consents to any renewals
or extensions of the time of payment of this Note without notice.

     All  amounts  payable  under the terms of this Note shall be  payable  with
expenses of  collection,  including  attorneys'  fees,  and without  relief from
valuation and appraisement laws.

     This  Note  is  made  under  and  will  be  governed  in all  cases  by the
substantive laws of the State of Indiana  notwithstanding  the fact that Indiana
conflicts of law rules might otherwise  require the substantive  rules of law of
another jurisdiction to apply.

     THE MAKER AND  LENDER (BY  ACCEPTANCE  OF THIS  NOTE)  HEREBY  VOLUNTARILY,
KNOWINGLY,  IRREVOCABLY  AND  UNCONDITIONALLY  WAIVE  ANY  RIGHT  TO HAVE A JURY
PARTCIPATE  IN RESOLVING  ANY DISPUTE  (WHETHER  BASED UPON A CONTRACT,  TORT OR
OTHERWISE)  BETWEEN  MAKER AND LENDER  ARISING OUT OF OR ANY WAY RELATED TO THIS
NOTE OR ANY RRELATIONSHIP BETWEEN LENDER AND MAKER. THIS PROVISION IS A MATERIAL
INDUCMENT TO LENDER TO PROVIDE THE FINANCING DESCRIBED HEREIN.

                  "MAKER"
                  OBSIDIAN ENTERPRISES, INC.

                  By:      /s/ Timothy S. Durham
                     -----------------------------------------
                     Timothy S. Durham
                  Its: Chief Executive Officer




</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
