<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.13
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>h03337exv10w13.txt
<DESCRIPTION>5TH AMENDMENT TO 1993 DIRECTORS' STOCK OPTION PLAN
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.13


                          THE PRIDE INTERNATIONAL, INC.
                                 1993 DIRECTORS'
                                STOCK OPTION PLAN

                                 Fifth Amendment

     Pride International, Inc. (the "Company") having previously established the
Pride Petroleum Services, Inc. 1993 Directors' Stock Option Plan effective
February 22, 1993, as thereafter amended effective May 22, 1997, December 4,
1997 and February 26, 1998 (the "Plan"), and having reserved the right under
Section XVIII thereof to amend the Plan, does hereby amend Section X of the Plan
in its entirety to read as follows:

          "X. TRANSFERABILITY OF OPTIONS

          10.1 Except as otherwise provided in Section 10.2, an Option granted
     hereunder shall not be transferable, whether by operation of law or
     otherwise, other than by will or the laws of descent and distribution, or
     pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order as defined in the Code,
     and any Option granted hereunder shall be exercisable, during the lifetime
     of the optionee, only by such optionee.

          10.2 Subject to approval by the Committee in its sole discretion, all
     or a portion of the Options granted to an optionee under the Plan may be
     transferable by the optionee, to the extent and only to the extent
     specified in such approval, to (i) the children or grandchildren of the
     optionee ("Immediate Family Members"), (ii) a trust or trusts for the
     exclusive benefit of such Immediate Family Members ("Immediate Family
     Member Trusts"), (iii) a partnership or partnerships in which such
     Immediate Family Members have at least 99% of the equity, profit and loss
     interests ("Immediate Family Member Partnerships"), or (iv) an organization
     or organizations qualifying under Code Section 501(c)(3) ("Charitable
     Organizations"); provided that the option agreement pursuant to which such
     Options are granted (or an amendment thereto) must expressly provide for
     transferability in a manner consistent with this Section. Subsequent
     transfers of transferred Options shall be prohibited except by will or the
     laws of descent and distribution, unless such transfers are made to the
     original optionee or a person to which the original optionee could have
     made a transfer in the manner described herein. No transfer shall be
     effective unless and until written notice of such transfer is provided to
     the Committee, in the form and manner prescribed by the Committee.
     Following transfer, any such Options shall continue to be subject to the
     same terms and conditions as were applicable immediately prior to transfer,
     and, except as otherwise provided herein, the term optionee shall be deemed
     to refer to the transferee."
<PAGE>

          This amendment shall be effective as of December 19, 2001.

                                           PRIDE INTERNATIONAL, INC.

                                           By:       /s/ ROBERT W. RANDALL
                                               ---------------------------------
                                               Robert W. Randall, Vice President

ATTEST:


/s/ JUANITA VERDIN
---------------------------------



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
