<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.18C
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>dex1018c.txt
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDMENT TO THE STANDARDIZED AND NONSTANDARDIZED PROTOTYPE PLANS
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                                                  EXHIBIT 10.18c
EGTRRA - DailyAccess.Com, Inc. Sponsor Amendment

                                     EGTRRA
                                AMENDMENT TO THE

                              DAILYACCESS.COM, INC.
                        STANDARDIZED AND NONSTANDARDIZED
                                 PROTOTYPE PLANS

                                        1

<PAGE>

EGTRRA - DailyAccess.Com, Inc. Sponsor Amendment

                                    ARTICLE I
                                    PREAMBLE

1.1     Adoption and effective date of amendment. This amendment of the plan is
        adopted to reflect certain provisions of the Economic Growth and Tax
        Relief Reconciliation Act of 2001 ("EGTRRA"). This amendment is intended
        as good faith compliance with the requirements of EGTRRA and is to be
        construed in accordance with EGTRRA and guidance issued thereunder.
        Except as otherwise provided, this amendment shall be effective as of
        the first day of the first plan year beginning after December 31, 2001.

1.2     Adoption by prototype sponsor. Except as otherwise provided herein,
        pursuant to Section 5.01 of Revenue Procedure 2000-20 (or pursuant to
        the corresponding provision in Revenue Procedure 89-9 or Revenue
        Procedure 89-13), the sponsor hereby adopts this amendment on behalf of
        all adopting employers.

1.3     Supersession of inconsistent provisions. This amendment shall supersede
        the provisions of the plan to the extent those provisions are
        inconsistent with the provisions of this amendment.

                                   ARTICLE II
                                SPONSOR ELECTIONS

2.1     VESTING SCHEDULE FOR MATCHING CONTRIBUTIONS

        If there are matching contributions subject to a vesting schedule that
        does not satisfy EGTRRA, for participants who complete an hour of
        service in a plan year beginning after December 31, 2001, the following
        vesting schedule will apply to all matching contributions subject to a
        vesting schedule:

        If the plan has a graded vesting schedule (i.e., the vesting schedule
        includes a vested percentage that is more than 0% and less than 100%)
        the following will apply:

            Years of vesting service           Nonforfeitable percentage
                       2                                  20%
                       3                                  40%
                       4                                  60%
                       5                                  80%
                       6                                  100%

        If the plan does not have a graded vesting schedule, then matching
        contributions will be nonforfeitable upon the completion of 3 years of
        vesting service. The vesting schedule set forth herein will only apply
        to matching contributions made in plan years beginning after December
        31, 2001 (the prior vesting schedule will apply to matching
        contributions made in prior plan years).

2.2     Exclusion of Rollovers in Application of Involuntary Cash-out Provisions
        (for profit sharing and 401(k) plans only). If the plan is not subject
        to the qualified joint and survivor annuity rules and includes
        involuntary cash-out provisions, rollover contributions will be excluded
        in determining the value of the participant's nonforfeitable account
        balance for purposes of the plan's involuntary cash-out rules.

2.3     Suspension period of hardship distributions. If the plan provides for
        hardship distributions upon satisfaction of the safe harbor (deemed)
        standards as set forth in Treas. Reg. Section 1.401(k)-1(d)(2)(iv),
        then, the suspension period following a hardship distribution shall only
        apply to hardship distributions made after December 31, 2001.

2.4     Catch-up contributions (for 401(k) profit sharing plans only): The plan
        permits catch-up contributions (Article VI).

2.5     For target benefit plans only: The increased compensation limit
        ($200,000 limit) shall apply to years prior to 2002.

                                   ARTICLE III
                        VESTING OF MATCHING CONTRIBUTIONS

3.1     Applicability. This Article shall apply to participants who complete an
        Hour of Service after December 31, 2001, with respect to accrued
        benefits derived from employer matching contributions made in plan years
        beginning after December 31, 2001.

3.2     Vesting schedule. A participant's accrued benefit derived from employer
        matching contributions shall vest as provided in Section 2.1 of this
        amendment.

                                        2

<PAGE>

EGTRRA - DailyAccess.Com, Inc. Sponsor Amendment

                                   ARTICLE IV
                              INVOLUNTARY CASH-OUTS

4.1     Applicability and effective date. If the plan provides for involuntary
        cash-outs of amounts less than $5,000, this Article shall apply for
        distributions made after December 31, 2001, and shall apply to all
        participants. However, regardless of the preceding, this Article shall
        not apply if the plan is subject to the qualified joint and survivor
        annuity requirements of Sections 401(a)(11) and 417 of the Code.

4.2     Rollovers disregarded in determining value of account balance for
        involuntary distributions. For purposes of the Sections of the plan that
        provide for the involuntary distribution of vested accrued benefits of
        $5,000 or less, the value of a participant's nonforfeitable account
        balance shall be determined without regard to that portion of the
        account balance that is attributable to rollover contributions (and
        earnings allocable thereto) within the meaning of Sections 402(c),
        403(a)(4), 403(b)(8), 408(d)(3)(A)(ii), and 457(e)(16) of the Code. If
        the value of the participant's nonforfeitable account balance as so
        determined is $5,000 or less, then the plan shall immediately distribute
        the participant's entire nonforfeitable account balance.

                                    ARTICLE V
                             HARDSHIP DISTRIBUTIONS

5.1     Applicability and effective date. If the plan provides for hardship
        distributions upon satisfaction of the safe harbor(deemed) standards as
        set forth in Treas. Reg. Section 1.401(k)-1(d)(2)(iv), then this Article
        shall apply for calendar years beginning after 2001.

5.2     Suspension period following hardship distribution. A participant who
        receives a distribution of elective deferrals after December 31, 2001,
        on account of hardship shall be prohibited from making elective
        deferrals and employee contributions under this and all other plans of
        the employer for 6 months after receipt of the distribution.

                                   ARTICLE VI
                             CATCH-UP CONTRIBUTIONS

Catch-up Contributions. All employees who are eligible to make elective
deferrals under this plan and who have attained age 50 before the close of the
plan year shall be eligible to make catch-up contributions in accordance with,
and subject to the limitations of, Section 414(v) of the Code. Such catch-up
contributions shall not be taken into account for purposes of the provisions of
the plan implementing the required limitations of Sections 402(g) and 415 of the
Code. The plan shall not be treated as failing to satisfy the provisions of the
plan implementing the requirements of Section 401(k)(3), 401(k)(11), 401(k)(12),
410(b), or 416 of the Code, as applicable, by reason of the making of such
catch-up contributions.

                                   ARTICLE VII
                         INCREASE IN COMPENSATION LIMIT

Increase in Compensation Limit. The annual compensation of each participant
taken into account in determining allocations for any plan year beginning after
December 31, 2001, shall not exceed $200,000, as adjusted for cost-of-living
increases in accordance with Section 401(a)(17)(B) of the Code. Annual
compensation means compensation during the plan year or such other consecutive
12-month period over which compensation is otherwise determined under the plan
(the determination period). If this is a target benefit plan, for purposes of
determining benefit accruals in a plan year beginning after December 31, 2001,
compensation for any prior determination period shall be limited to $200,000.
The cost-of-living adjustment in effect for a calendar year applies to annual
compensation for the determination period that begins with or within such
calendar year.

                                  ARTICLE VIII
                                   PLAN LOANS

Plan loans for owner-employees or shareholder-employees. If the plan permits
loans to be made to participants, then effective for plan loans made after
December 31, 2001, plan provisions prohibiting loans to any owner-employee or
shareholder-employee shall cease to apply.

                                   ARTICLE IX
              LIMITATIONS ON CONTRIBUTIONS (IRC SECTION 415 LIMITS)

9.1     Effective date. This Section shall be effective for limitation years
        beginning after December 31, 2001.

9.2     Maximum annual addition. Except to the extent permitted under Article
        XIV of this amendment and Section 414(v) of the Code, if applicable, the
        annual addition that may be contributed or allocated to a participant's
        account under the plan for any limitation year shall not exceed the
        lesser of:

                                        3

<PAGE>

EGTRRA - DailyAccess.Com, Inc. Sponsor Amendment

        (a)     $40,000, as adjusted for increases in the cost-of-living under
        Section 415(d) of the Code, or

        (b)     100 percent of the participant's compensation, within the
        meaning of Section 415(c)(3) of the Code, for the limitation year.

        The compensation limit referred to in (b) shall not apply to any
        contribution for medical benefits after separation from service (within
        the meaning of Section 401(h) or Section 419A(f)(2) of the Code) which
        is otherwise treated as an annual addition.

                                    ARTICLE X
                         MODIFICATION OF TOP-HEAVY RULES

10.1    Effective date. This Article shall apply for purposes of determining
        whether the plan is a top-heavy plan under Section 416(g) of the Code
        for plan years beginning after December 31, 2001, and whether the plan
        satisfies the minimum benefits requirements of Section 416(c) of the
        Code for such years. This Article amends the top-heavy provisions of the
        plan.

10.2    Determination of top-heavy status.

10.2.1  Key employee. Key employee means any employee or former employee
        (including any deceased employee) who at any time during the plan year
        that includes the determination date was an officer of the employer
        having annual compensation greater than $130,000 (as adjusted under
        Section 416(i)(1) of the Code for plan years beginning after December
        31, 2002), a 5-percent owner of the employer, or a 1-percent owner of
        the employer having annual compensation of more than $150,000. For this
        purpose, annual compensation means compensation within the meaning of
        Section 415(c)(3) of the Code. The determination of who is a key
        employee will be made in accordance with Section 416(i)(1) of the Code
        and the applicable regulations and other guidance of general
        applicability issued thereunder.

10.2.2  Determination of present values and amounts. This Section 10.2.2 shall
        apply for purposes of determining the present values of accrued benefits
        and the amounts of account balances of employees as of the determination
        date.

        a.      Distributions during year ending on the determination date. The
                present values of accrued benefits and the amounts of account
                balances of an employee as of the determination date shall be
                increased by the distributions made with respect to the employee
                under the plan and any plan aggregated with the plan under
                Section 416(g)(2) of the Code during the 1-year period ending on
                the determination date. The preceding sentence shall also apply
                to distributions under a terminated plan which, had it not been
                terminated, would have been aggregated with the plan under
                Section 416(g)(2)(A)(i) of the Code. In the case of a
                distribution made for a reason other than separation from
                service, death, or disability, this provision shall be applied
                by substituting "5-year period" for "1-year period."

        b.      Employees not performing services during year ending on the
                determination date. The accrued benefits and accounts of any
                individual who has not performed services for the employer
                during the 1-year period ending on the determination date shall
                not be taken into account.

10.3    Minimum benefits.

10.3.1  Matching contributions. Employer matching contributions shall be taken
        into account for purposes of satisfying the minimum contribution
        requirements of Section 416(c)(2) of the Code and the plan. The
        preceding sentence shall apply with respect to matching contributions
        under the plan or, if the plan provides that the minimum contribution
        requirement shall be met in another plan, such other plan. Employer
        matching contributions that are used to satisfy the minimum contribution
        requirements shall be treated as matching contributions for purposes of
        the actual contribution percentage test and other requirements of
        Section 401(m) of the Code.

10.3.2  Contributions under other plans. The employer may provide, in an
        addendum to this amendment, that the minimum benefit requirement shall
        be met in another plan (including another plan that consists solely of a
        cash or deferred arrangement which meets the requirements of Section
        401(k)(12) of the Code and matching contributions with respect to which
        the requirements of Section 401(m)(11) of the Code are met). The
        addendum should include the name of the other plan, the minimum benefit
        that will be provided under such other plan, and the employees who will
        receive the minimum benefit under such other plan.

                                   ARTICLE XI
                                DIRECT ROLLOVERS

11.1    Effective date. This Article shall apply to distributions made after
        December 31, 2001.

                                        4

<PAGE>

EGTRRA - DailyAccess.Com, Inc. Sponsor Amendment

11.2    Modification of definition of eligible retirement plan. For purposes of
        the direct rollover provisions of the plan, an eligible retirement plan
        shall also mean an annuity contract described in Section 403(b) of the
        Code and an eligible plan under Section 457(b) of the Code which is
        maintained by a state, political subdivision of a state, or any agency
        or instrumentality of a state or political subdivision of a state and
        which agrees to separately account for amounts transferred into such
        plan from this plan. The definition of eligible retirement plan shall
        also apply in the case of a distribution to a surviving spouse, or to a
        spouse or former spouse who is the alternate payee under a qualified
        domestic relation order, as defined in Section 414(p) of the Code.

11.3    Modification of definition of eligible rollover distribution to exclude
        hardship distributions. For purposes of the direct rollover provisions
        of the plan, any amount that is distributed on account of hardship shall
        not be an eligible rollover distribution and the distributee may not
        elect to have any portion of such a distribution paid directly to an
        eligible retirement plan.

11.4    Exclusion of after-tax employee contributions. For purposes of the
        direct rollover provisions in the plan, a portion of a distribution that
        consists of after-tax employee contributions which are not includible in
        gross income shall not be considered an eligible rollover distribution.
        The plan does not allow the acceptance of rollover contributions
        consisting of after-tax employee contributions

                                   ARTICLE XII
                           ROLLOVERS FROM OTHER PLANS

Rollovers from other plans. The employer, operationally and on a
nondiscriminatory basis, may limit the source of rollover contributions that may
be accepted by this plan.

                                  ARTICLE XIII
                           REPEAL OF MULTIPLE USE TEST

Repeal of Multiple Use Test. The multiple use test described in Treasury
Regulation Section 1.401(m)-2 and the plan shall not apply for plan years
beginning after December 31, 2001.

                                   ARTICLE XIV
                               ELECTIVE DEFERRALS

14.1    Elective Deferrals - Contribution Limitation. No participant shall be
        permitted to have elective deferrals made under this plan, or any other
        qualified plan maintained by the employer during any taxable year, in
        excess of the dollar limitation contained in Section 402(g) of the Code
        in effect for such taxable year, except to the extent permitted under
        Article VI of this amendment and Section 414(v) of the Code, if
        applicable. Any maximum limitation imposed on an Employee's salary
        reduction agreement by an adoption agreement election is hereby revoked
        effective January 1, 2002. Participants may defer up to the maximum
        amount allowed under Sections 402(g) and 415 of the Code subject to any
        federal or state tax withholding requirements.

14.2    Maximum Salary Reduction Contributions for SIMPLE plans. If this is a
        SIMPLE 401(k) plan, then except to the extent permitted under Article VI
        of this amendment and Section 414(v) of the Code, if applicable, the
        maximum salary reduction contribution that can be made to this plan is
        the amount determined under Section 408(p)(2)(A)(ii) of the Code for the
        calendar year.

                                   ARTICLE XV
                           SAFE HARBOR PLAN PROVISIONS

Modification of Top-Heavy Rules. The top-heavy requirements of Section 416 of
the Code and the plan shall not apply in any year beginning after December 31,
2001, in which the plan consists solely of a cash or deferred arrangement which
meets the requirements of Section 401(k)(12) of the Code and matching
contributions with respect to which the requirements of Section 401(m)(11) of
the Code are met.

                                   ARTICLE XVI
                    DISTRIBUTION UPON SEVERANCE OF EMPLOYMENT

16.1    Effective date. This Article shall apply for distributions and
        transactions made after December 31, 2001, regardless of when the
        severance of employment occurred.

16.2    New distributable event. A participant's elective deferrals, qualified
        nonelective contributions, qualified matching contributions, and
        earnings attributable to these contributions shall be distributed on
        account of the participant's severance from employment. However, such a
        distribution shall be subject to the other provisions of the plan
        regarding distributions, other than provisions that require a separation
        from service before such amounts may be distributed.

                                        5

<PAGE>

EGTRRA - DailyAccess.Com, Inc. Sponsor Amendment

This amendment is hereby adopted by the prototype sponsor on behalf of all
adopting employers on December 18, 2001.

Sponsor Name: DailyAccess.Com, Inc.

By:  /s/ [ILLEGIBLE]
    ---------------------------------------
    Director of Administration & Compliance

                                        6

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
