<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>a4339684-10f.txt
<DESCRIPTION>KOGER  EXHIBIT 10-F
<TEXT>

                                                                  EXHIBIT 10(f)

                               GUARANTY AGREEMENT

     THIS GUARANTY AGREEMENT (the "Guaranty") is executed as of December 6,
2002, by KOGER EQUITY, INC., a Florida corporation, having an address at 433
Plaza Real, Suite 335, Boca Raton, Florida 33432 (whether one or more
collectively referred to as "Guarantor"), for the benefit of COLUMN FINANCIAL,
INC., having an address at 11 Madison Avenue, New York, New York 10010
("Lender").

                              W I T N E S S E T H :

     WHEREAS, pursuant to that certain Promissory Note, dated of even date
herewith, executed by KOGER POST OAK LIMITED PARTNERSHIP, a Delaware limited
partnership ("Borrower"), and payable to the order of Lender in the original
principal amount of Seventy Seven Million and No/100 Dollars ($77,000,000.00)
(together with all renewals, modifications, increases and extensions thereof,
the "Note"), Borrower has become indebted, and may from time to time be further
indebted, to Lender with respect to a loan ("Loan") which is secured by the lien
and security interests of a certain deed of trust of even date herewith (the
"Mortgage"), and is further evidenced by that certain Loan Agreement, of even
date herewith between Borrower and Lender (as the same may hereinafter be
amended, modified, restated, renewed or replaced the "Loan Agreement") and
further evidenced, secured or governed by other instruments and documents
executed in connection with the Loan (together with the Note, the Loan Agreement
and Mortgage, the "Loan Documents"); and

     WHEREAS, Lender is not willing to make the Loan, or otherwise extend
credit, to Borrower unless Guarantor unconditionally guarantees payment and
performance to Lender of the Guaranteed Obligations (as herein defined); and

     WHEREAS, Guarantor is the owner of a direct or indirect interest in
Borrower, and Guarantor will directly benefit from Lender's making the Loan to
Borrower.

     NOW, THEREFORE, as an inducement to Lender to make the Loan to Borrower,
and to extend such additional credit as Lender may from time to time agree to
extend under the Loan Documents, and for other good and valuable consideration,
the receipt and legal sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties
do hereby agree as follows:

                                    ARTICLE I

                          NATURE AND SCOPE OF GUARANTY



     1.1 Guaranty of Obligation. Guarantor hereby irrevocably and
unconditionally guarantees to Lender and its successors and assigns the payment
and performance of the Guaranteed Obligations as and when the same shall be due
and payable, whether by lapse of time, by acceleration of maturity or otherwise.
Guarantor hereby irrevocably and unconditionally covenants and agrees that it is
liable for the Guaranteed Obligations as a primary obligor.


                                        1
<PAGE>

     1.2 Definition of Guaranteed Obligations. As used herein, the term
"Guaranteed Obligations" means (a) the obligations or liabilities of Borrower to
Lender for any loss, damage, cost, expense, liability, claim or other obligation
incurred by Lender (including reasonable attorneys' fees and costs reasonably
incurred) arising out of or in connection with the following:

          (i)  fraud or intentional misrepresentation by Borrower in connection
               with the Loan;

          (ii) the gross negligence or willful misconduct of Borrower;

          (iii) the breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or
               indemnification provision in the Environmental Indemnity
               Agreement or in the Mortgage concerning environmental laws,
               hazardous substances and asbestos and any indemnification of
               Lender with respect thereto in either document;

          (iv) the removal or disposal of any portion of the Properties after an
               Event of Default or the causing of waste on any portion of the
               Properties;

          (v)  the misapplication or conversion by Borrower of (A) any insurance
               proceeds paid by reason of any loss, damage or destruction to the
               Properties, (B) any Awards received in connection with the
               condemnation of all or a portion of the Properties, (C) any Rents
               following an Event of Default, or (D) any Rents paid more than
               one month in advance;

          (vi) failure to pay charges for labor or materials or other charges
               that can create liens on any portion of the Properties unless due
               to Lender's failure to disburse funds held in the Reserve Funds,
               pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Loan Documents;

          (vii) any security deposits, advance deposits or any other deposits
               collected with respect to the Properties which are not delivered
               to Lender upon a foreclosure of the Properties or action in lieu
               thereof, except to the extent any such security deposits were
               applied in accordance with the terms and conditions of any of the
               Leases prior to the occurrence of the Event of Default that gave
               rise to such foreclosure or action in lieu thereof; or

        (viii) Personal Property taken from any of the Properties and not
               replaced with Personal Property of the same utility and of the
               same or greater value; and

     (b)  the entire amount of the Debt (i) in the event of: (A) Borrower filing
          a voluntary petition under the Bankruptcy Code or any other Federal or
          state bankruptcy or insolvency law; (B) soliciting or causing to be
          solicited petitioning creditors for any involuntary petition against
          Borrower from any Person which is not discharged within ninety (90)
          days from the date of filing, (C) Borrower filing an answer consenting
          to or otherwise acquiescing in or joining in any involuntary petition
          filed against it, by any other Person under the Bankruptcy Code or any
          other Federal or state bankruptcy or insolvency law, or soliciting or


                                       2
<PAGE>

          causing to be solicited petitioning creditors for any involuntary
          petition from any Person; (D) Borrower consenting to or acquiescing in
          or joining in an application for the appointment of a custodian,
          receiver, trustee, or examiner for Borrower or any portion of the
          Property; (E) Borrower making an assignment for the benefit of
          creditors, or admitting, in writing or in any legal proceeding, its
          insolvency or inability to pay its debts as they become due; (ii) if
          Borrower fails to maintain its status as a Single Purpose Entity, as
          required by, and in accordance with, the terms and provisions of the
          Loan Agreement or the Mortgage; (iii) if Borrower fails to obtain
          Lender's prior written consent to any subordinate financing or other
          voluntary lien encumbering the Properties; or (iv) if Borrower fails
          to obtain Lender's prior written consent to any assignment, transfer,
          or conveyance of the Properties or any interest therein as required by
          the Loan Agreement or the Mortgage.

              1.3 Nature of Guaranty. This Guaranty is an irrevocable, absolute,
continuing guaranty of payment and performance and not a guaranty of collection.
This Guaranty may not be revoked by Guarantor and shall continue to be effective
with respect to any Guaranteed Obligations arising or created after any
attempted revocation by Guarantor. The fact that at any time or from time to
time the Guaranteed Obligations may be increased or reduced shall not release or
discharge the obligation of Guarantor to Lender with respect to the Guaranteed
Obligations. This Guaranty may be enforced by Lender and any subsequent holder
of the Note and shall not be discharged by the assignment or negotiation of all
or part of the Note.

     1.4 Guaranteed Obligations Not Reduced by Offset. The Guaranteed
Obligations and the liabilities and obligations of Guarantor to Lender
hereunder, shall not be reduced, discharged or released because or by reason of
any existing or future offset, claim or defense of Borrower, or any other party,
against Lender or against payment of the Guaranteed Obligations, whether such
offset, claim or defense arises in connection with the Guaranteed Obligations
(or the transactions creating the Guaranteed Obligations) or otherwise.


     1.5 Payment By Guarantor. If all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations
shall not be punctually paid when due, whether at demand, maturity, acceleration
or otherwise, Guarantor shall, immediately upon demand by Lender, and without
presentment, protest, notice of protest, notice of non-payment, notice of
intention to accelerate the maturity, notice of acceleration of the maturity, or
any other notice whatsoever, pay in lawful money of the United States of
America, the amount due on the Guaranteed Obligations to Lender at Lender's
address as set forth herein. Such demand(s) may be made at any time coincident
with or after the time for payment of all or part of the Guaranteed Obligations,
and may be made from time to time with respect to the same or different items of
Guaranteed Obligations. Such demand shall be deemed made, given and received in
accordance with the notice provisions hereof.

     1.6 No Duty To Pursue Others. It shall not be necessary for Lender (and
Guarantor hereby waives any rights which Guarantor may have to require Lender),
in order to enforce the obligations of Guarantor hereunder, first to (i)
institute suit or exhaust its remedies against Borrower or others liable on the
Loan or the Guaranteed Obligations or any other person, (ii) enforce Lender's
rights against any collateral which shall ever have been given to secure the
Loan, (iii) enforce Lender's rights against any other guarantors of the
Guaranteed Obligations, (iv) join Borrower or any others liable on the
Guaranteed Obligations in any action seeking to enforce this Guaranty, (v)
exhaust any remedies available to Lender against any collateral which shall ever
have been given to secure the Loan, or (vi) resort to any other means of
obtaining payment of the Guaranteed Obligations. Lender shall not be required to
mitigate damages or take any other action to reduce, collect or enforce the
Guaranteed Obligations.


                                       3
<PAGE>

     1.7 Waivers. Guarantor agrees to the provisions of the Loan Documents, and
hereby waives notice of (i) any loans or advances made by Lender to Borrower,
(ii) acceptance of this Guaranty, (iii) any amendment or extension of the Note,
the Loan Agreement or of any other Loan Documents, (iv) the execution and
delivery by Borrower and Lender of any other loan or credit agreement or of
Borrower's execution and delivery of any promissory notes or other documents
arising under the Loan Documents or in connection with the Properties, (v) the
occurrence of any breach by Borrower or an Event of Default, (vi) Lender's
transfer or disposition of the Guaranteed Obligations, or any part thereof,
(vii) sale or foreclosure (or posting or advertising for sale or foreclosure) of
any collateral for the Guaranteed Obligations, (viii) protest, proof of
non-payment or default by Borrower, or (ix) any other action at any time taken
or omitted by Lender, and, generally, all demands and notices of every kind in
connection with this Guaranty, the Loan Documents, any documents or agreements
evidencing, securing or relating to any of the Guaranteed Obligations and the
obligations hereby guaranteed.

     1.8 Payment of Expenses. In the event that Guarantor should breach or fail
to timely perform any provisions of this Guaranty, Guarantor shall, immediately
upon demand by Lender, pay Lender all costs and expenses (including court costs
and reasonable attorneys' fees) incurred by Lender in the enforcement hereof or
the preservation of Lender's rights hereunder. The covenant contained in this
Section shall survive the payment and performance of the Guaranteed Obligations.

     1.9 Effect of Bankruptcy. In the event that, pursuant to any insolvency,
bankruptcy, reorganization, receivership or other debtor relief law, or any
judgment, order or decision thereunder, Lender must rescind or restore any
payment, or any part thereof, received by Lender in satisfaction of the
Guaranteed Obligations, as set forth herein, any prior release or discharge from
the terms of this Guaranty given to Guarantor by Lender shall be without effect,
and this Guaranty shall remain in full force and effect. It is the intention of
Borrower and Guarantor that Guarantor's obligations hereunder shall not be
discharged except by Guarantor's performance of such obligations and then only
to the extent of such performance.

     1.10 Waiver of Subrogation, Reimbursement and Contribution. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained in this Guaranty, Guarantor hereby
unconditionally and irrevocably waives, releases and abrogates during the term
of the Loan any and all rights it may now or hereafter have under any agreement,
at law or in equity (including, without limitation, any law subrogating the
Guarantor to the rights of Lender), to assert any claim against or seek
contribution, indemnification or any other form of reimbursement from Borrower
or any other party liable for payment of any or all of the Guaranteed
Obligations for any payment made by Guarantor under or in connection with this
Guaranty or otherwise.

     1.11 Borrower. The term "Borrower" as used herein shall include any new or
successor corporation, association, partnership (general or limited), joint
venture, trust or other individual or organization formed as a result of any
merger, reorganization, sale, transfer, devise, gift or bequest of Borrower or
any interest in Borrower.


                                       4
<PAGE>

                                   ARTICLE II

                      EVENTS AND CIRCUMSTANCES NOT REDUCING
                     OR DISCHARGING GUARANTOR'S OBLIGATIONS

     Guarantor hereby consents and agrees to each of the following, and agrees
that Guarantor's obligations under this Guaranty shall not be released,
diminished, impaired, reduced or adversely affected by any of the following, and
waives any common law, equitable, statutory or other rights (including without
limitation rights to notice) which Guarantor might otherwise have as a result of
or in connection with any of the following:

     2.1 Modifications. Any renewal, extension, increase, modification,
alteration or rearrangement of all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations,
the Note, the Loan Agreement, the other Loan Documents, or any other document,
instrument, contract or understanding between Borrower and Lender, or any other
parties, pertaining to the Guaranteed Obligations or any failure of Lender to
notify Guarantor of any such action.

     2.2 Adjustment. Any adjustment, indulgence, forbearance or compromise that
might be granted or given by Lender to Borrower or any Guarantor.

     2.3 Condition of Borrower or Guarantor. The insolvency, bankruptcy,
arrangement, adjustment, composition, liquidation, disability, dissolution or
lack of power of Borrower, Guarantor or any other party at any time liable for
the payment of all or part of the Guaranteed Obligations; or any dissolution of
Borrower or Guarantor, or any sale, lease or transfer of any or all of the
assets of Borrower or Guarantor, or any changes in the shareholders, partners or
members of Borrower or Guarantor; or any reorganization of Borrower or
Guarantor.

     2.4 Invalidity of Guaranteed Obligations. The invalidity, illegality or
unenforceability of all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations, or any
document or agreement executed in connection with the Guaranteed Obligations,
for any reason whatsoever, including without limitation the fact that (i) the
Guaranteed Obligations, or any part thereof, exceeds the amount permitted by
law, (ii) the act of creating the Guaranteed Obligations or any part thereof is
ultra vires, (iii) the officers or representatives executing the Note, the Loan
Agreement or the other Loan Documents or otherwise creating the Guaranteed
Obligations acted in excess of their authority, (iv) the Guaranteed Obligations
violate applicable usury laws, (v) the Borrower has valid defenses, claims or
offsets (whether at law, in equity or by agreement) which render the Guaranteed
Obligations wholly or partially uncollectible from Borrower, (vi) the creation,
performance or repayment of the Guaranteed Obligations (or the execution,
delivery and performance of any document or instrument representing part of the
Guaranteed Obligations or executed in connection with the Guaranteed
Obligations, or given to secure the repayment of the Guaranteed Obligations) is
illegal, uncollectible or unenforceable, or (vii) the Note, the Loan Agreement
or any of the other Loan Documents have been forged or otherwise are irregular
or not genuine or authentic, it being agreed that Guarantor shall remain liable
hereon regardless of whether Borrower or any other person be found not liable on
the Guaranteed Obligations or any part thereof for any reason.


                                       5
<PAGE>

     2.5 Release of Obligors. Any full or partial release of the liability of
Borrower on the Guaranteed Obligations, or any part thereof, or of any
co-guarantors, or any other person or entity now or hereafter liable, whether
directly or indirectly, jointly, severally, or jointly and severally, to pay,
perform, guarantee or assure the payment of the Guaranteed Obligations, or any
part thereof, it being recognized, acknowledged and agreed by Guarantor that
Guarantor may be required to pay the Guaranteed Obligations in full without
assistance or support of any other party, and Guarantor has not been induced to
enter into this Guaranty on the basis of a contemplation, belief, understanding
or agreement that other parties will be liable to pay or perform the Guaranteed
Obligations, or that Lender will look to other parties to pay or perform the
Guaranteed Obligations.

     2.6 Other Collateral. The taking or accepting of any other security,
collateral or guaranty, or other assurance of payment, for all or any part of
the Guaranteed Obligations.

     2.7 Release of Collateral. Any release, surrender, exchange, subordination,
deterioration, waste, loss or impairment (including without limitation
negligent, willful, unreasonable or unjustifiable impairment) of any collateral,
property or security at any time existing in connection with, or assuring or
securing payment of, all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations.

     2.8 Care and Diligence. The failure of Lender or any other party to
exercise diligence or reasonable care in the preservation, protection,
enforcement, sale or other handling or treatment of all or any part of such
collateral, property or security, including but not limited to any neglect,
delay, omission, failure or refusal of Lender (i) to take or prosecute any
action for the collection of any of the Guaranteed Obligations or (ii) to
foreclose, or initiate any action to foreclose, or, once commenced, prosecute to
completion any action to foreclose upon any security therefor, or (iii) to take
or prosecute any action in connection with any instrument or agreement
evidencing or securing all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations.

     2.9 Unenforceability. The fact that any collateral, security, security
interest or lien contemplated or intended to be given, created or granted as
security for the repayment of the Guaranteed Obligations, or any part thereof,
shall not be properly perfected or created, or shall prove to be unenforceable
or subordinate to any other security interest or lien, it being recognized and
agreed by Guarantor that Guarantor is not entering into this Guaranty in
reliance on, or in contemplation of the benefits of, the validity,
enforceability, collectibility or value of any of the collateral for the
Guaranteed Obligations.

     2.10 Offset. The Note, the Loan Agreement, the Guaranteed Obligations and
the liabilities and obligations of the Guarantor to Lender hereunder shall not
be reduced, discharged or released because of or by reason of any existing or
future right of offset, claim or defense of Borrower against Lender, or any
other party, or against payment of the Guaranteed Obligations, whether such
right of offset, claim or defense arises in connection with the Guaranteed
Obligations (or the transactions creating the Guaranteed Obligations) or
otherwise.


                                       6
<PAGE>

     2.11 Merger. The reorganization, merger or consolidation of Borrower into
or with any other corporation or entity.

     2.12 Preference. Any payment by Borrower to Lender is held to constitute a
preference under bankruptcy laws, or for any reason Lender is required to refund
such payment or pay such amount to Borrower or someone else.

     2.13 Other Actions Taken or Omitted. Any other action taken or omitted to
be taken with respect to the Loan Documents, the Guaranteed Obligations, or the
security and collateral therefor, whether or not such action or omission
prejudices Guarantor or increases the likelihood that Guarantor will be required
to pay the Guaranteed Obligations pursuant to the terms hereof, it is the
unambiguous and unequivocal intention of Guarantor that Guarantor shall be
obligated to pay the Guaranteed Obligations when due, notwithstanding any
occurrence, circumstance, event, action, or omission whatsoever, whether
contemplated or uncontemplated, and whether or not otherwise or particularly
described herein, which obligation shall be deemed satisfied only upon the full
and final payment and satisfaction of the Guaranteed Obligations.

                                   ARTICLE III

                         REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES


     To induce Lender to enter into the Loan Documents and extend credit to
Borrower, Guarantor represents and warrants to Lender as follows:

     3.1 Benefit. Guarantor is an affiliate of Borrower, is the owner of a
direct or indirect interest in Borrower, and has received, or will receive,
direct or indirect benefit from the making of this Guaranty with respect to the
Guaranteed Obligations.

     3.2 Familiarity and Reliance. Guarantor is familiar with, and has
independently reviewed books and records regarding, the financial condition of
the Borrower and is familiar with the value of any and all collateral intended
to be created as security for the payment of the Note or Guaranteed Obligations;
however, Guarantor is not relying on such financial condition or the collateral
as an inducement to enter into this Guaranty. 3.3 No Representation By Lender.
Neither Lender nor any other party has made any representation, warranty or
statement to Guarantor in order to induce the Guarantor to execute this
Guaranty.

     3.4 Guarantor's Financial Condition. As of the date hereof, and after
giving effect to this Guaranty and the contingent obligation evidenced hereby,
Guarantor is, and will be, solvent, and has and will have assets which, fairly
valued, exceed its obligations, liabilities (including contingent liabilities)
and debts, and has and will have property and assets sufficient to satisfy and
repay its obligations and liabilities.

     3.5 Legality. The execution, delivery and performance by Guarantor of this
Guaranty and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereunder do not,
and will not, contravene or conflict with any law, statute or regulation
whatsoever to which Guarantor is subject or constitute a default (or an event
which with notice or lapse of time or both would constitute a default) under, or
result in the breach of, any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, charge, lien,
or any contract, agreement or other instrument to which Guarantor is a party or
which may be applicable to Guarantor. This Guaranty is a legal and binding
obligation of Guarantor and is enforceable in accordance with its terms, except
as limited by bankruptcy, insolvency or other laws of general application
relating to the enforcement of creditors' rights.


                                       7
<PAGE>

     3.6 Survival. All representations and warranties made by Guarantor herein
shall survive the execution hereof.


                                   ARTICLE IV

                      SUBORDINATION OF CERTAIN INDEBTEDNESS

     4.1 Subordination of All Guarantor Claims. As used herein, the term
"Guarantor Claims" shall mean all debts and liabilities of Borrower to
Guarantor, whether such debts and liabilities now exist or are hereafter
incurred or arise, or whether the obligations of Borrower thereon be direct,
contingent, primary, secondary, several, joint and several, or otherwise, and
irrespective of whether such debts or liabilities be evidenced by note,
contract, open account, or otherwise, and irrespective of the person or persons
in whose favor such debts or liabilities may, at their inception, have been, or
may hereafter be created, or the manner in which they have been or may hereafter
be acquired by Guarantor. The Guarantor Claims shall include without limitation
all rights and claims of Guarantor against Borrower (arising as a result of
subrogation or otherwise) as a result of Guarantor's payment of all or a portion
of the Guaranteed Obligations. Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default or the
occurrence of an event which would, with the giving of notice or the passage of
time, or both, constitute an Event of Default, Guarantor shall not receive or
collect, directly or indirectly, from Borrower or any other party any amount
upon the Guarantor Claims.

     4.2 Claims in Bankruptcy. In the event of receivership, bankruptcy,
reorganization, arrangement, debtor's relief, or other insolvency proceedings
involving Guarantor as debtor, Lender shall have the right to prove its claim in
any such proceeding so as to establish its rights hereunder and receive directly
from the receiver, trustee or other court custodian dividends and payments which
would otherwise be payable upon Guarantor Claims. Guarantor hereby assigns such
dividends and payments to Lender. Should Lender receive, for application upon
the Guaranteed Obligations, any such dividend or payment which is otherwise
payable to Guarantor, and which, as between Borrower and Guarantor, shall
constitute a credit upon the Guarantor Claims, then upon payment to Lender in
full of the Guaranteed Obligations, Guarantor shall become subrogated to the
rights of Lender to the extent that such payments to Lender on the Guarantor
Claims have contributed toward the liquidation of the Guaranteed Obligations,
and such subrogation shall be with respect to that proportion of the Guaranteed
Obligations which would have been unpaid if Lender had not received dividends or
payments upon the Guarantor Claims.


                                       8
<PAGE>

     4.3 Payments Held in Trust. In the event that, notwithstanding anything to
the contrary in this Guaranty, Guarantor should receive any funds, payment,
claim or distribution which is prohibited by this Guaranty, Guarantor agrees to
hold in trust for Lender an amount equal to the amount of all funds, payments,
claims or distributions so received, and agrees that it shall have absolutely no
dominion over the amount of such funds, payments, claims or distributions so
received except to pay them promptly to Lender, and Guarantor covenants promptly
to pay the same to Lender.

     4.4 Liens Subordinate. Guarantor agrees that any liens, security interests,
judgment liens, charges or other encumbrances upon Borrower's assets securing
payment of the Guarantor Claims shall be and remain inferior and subordinate to
any liens, security interests, judgment liens, charges or other encumbrances
upon Borrower's assets securing payment of the Guaranteed Obligations,
regardless of whether such encumbrances in favor of Guarantor or Lender
presently exist or are hereafter created or attach. Without the prior written
consent of Lender, Guarantor shall not (i) exercise or enforce any creditor's
right it may have against Borrower, or (ii) foreclose, repossess, sequester or
otherwise take steps or institute any action or proceedings (judicial or
otherwise, including without limitation the commencement of, or joinder in, any
liquidation, bankruptcy, rearrangement, debtor's relief or insolvency
proceeding) to enforce any liens, mortgage, deeds of trust, security interests,
collateral rights, judgments or other encumbrances on assets of Borrower held by
Guarantor.

                                    ARTICLE V

                                  MISCELLANEOUS


     5.1 Waiver. No failure to exercise, and no delay in exercising, on the part
of Lender, any right hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any
single or partial exercise thereof preclude any other or further exercise
thereof or the exercise of any other right. The rights of Lender hereunder shall
be in addition to all other rights provided by law. No modification or waiver of
any provision of this Guaranty, nor consent to departure therefrom, shall be
effective unless in writing and no such consent or waiver shall extend beyond
the particular case and purpose involved. No notice or demand given in any case
shall constitute a waiver of the right to take other action in the same, similar
or other instances without such notice or demand.

     5.2 Notices. Any notice, demand, statement, request or consent made
hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to be received by the
addressee on the third day following the day such notice is deposited with the
United States Postal Service first class certified mail, return receipt
requested, addressed to the address, as set forth below, of the party to whom
such notice is to be given, or to such other address as either party shall in
like manner designate in writing. The addresses of the parties hereto are as
follows:

         Guarantor:
         ----------
                              Koger Equity, Inc.
                              433 Plaza Real, Suite 335
                              Boca Raton, Florida 33432
                              Attention: Tom Brockwell
                              Facsimile No. (561) 394-7712


                                       9
<PAGE>

     with a copy to:          White & Case LLP
                              200 South Biscayne Blvd., Suite 4900
                              Miami, Florida 33131
                              Attention:  William Walker, Esq.
                              Facsimile No. (305) 348-5744

            Lender:           Column Financial, Inc.
                              11 Madison Avenue
                              New York, New York 10010
                              Attention:  Edmund Taylor
                              Facsimile No.: (212) 325-8106

    with a copy to:           Column Financial, Inc.
                              One Madison Avenue
                              New York, New York 10010
                              Legal and Compliance Department
                              Attention:  Pamela McCormack
                              Facsimile No. (917) 326-7805

    with a copy to:           Cadwalader, Wickersham & Taft
                              100 Maiden Lane
                              New York, New York  10038
                              Attention: Fredric L. Altschuler, Esq.
                              Facsimile No. (212) 504-6666

     5.3 Governing Law. This Guaranty shall be governed in accordance with the
State of New York and the applicable law of the United States of America.

     5.4 Invalid Provisions. If any provision of this Guaranty is held to be
illegal, invalid, or unenforceable under present or future laws effective during
the term of this Guaranty, such provision shall be fully severable and this
Guaranty shall be construed and enforced as if such illegal, invalid or
unenforceable provision had never comprised a part of this Guaranty, and the
remaining provisions of this Guaranty shall remain in full force and effect and
shall not be affected by the illegal, invalid or unenforceable provision or by
its severance from this Guaranty, unless such continued effectiveness of this
Guaranty, as modified, would be contrary to the basic understandings and
intentions of the parties as expressed herein.

     5.5 Amendments. This Guaranty may be amended only by an instrument in
writing executed by the party or an authorized representative of the party
against whom such amendment is sought to be enforced.

     5.6 Parties Bound; Assignment; Joint and Several. This Guaranty shall be
binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective
successors, assigns and legal representatives; provided, however, that Guarantor
may not, without the prior written consent of Lender, assign any of its rights,
powers, duties or obligations hereunder. If Guarantor consists of more than one
person or party, the obligations and liabilities of each such person or party
shall be joint and several.


                                       10
<PAGE>

     5.7 Headings. Section headings are for convenience of reference only and
shall in no way affect the interpretation of this Guaranty.

     5.8 Recitals. The recital and introductory paragraphs hereof are a part
hereof, form a basis for this Guaranty and shall be considered prima facie
evidence of the facts and documents referred to therein.

     5.9 Counterparts. To facilitate execution, this Guaranty may be executed in
as many counterparts as may be convenient or required. It shall not be necessary
that the signature of, or on behalf of, each party, or that the signature of all
persons required to bind any party, appear on each counterpart. All counterparts
shall collectively constitute a single instrument. It shall not be necessary in
making proof of this Guaranty to produce or account for more than a single
counterpart containing the respective signatures of, or on behalf of, each of
the parties hereto. Any signature page to any counterpart may be detached from
such counterpart without impairing the legal effect of the signatures thereon
and thereafter attached to another counterpart identical thereto except having
attached to it additional signature pages.

     5.10 Rights and Remedies. If Guarantor becomes liable for any indebtedness
owing by Borrower to Lender, by endorsement or otherwise, other than under this
Guaranty, such liability shall not be in any manner impaired or affected hereby
and the rights of Lender hereunder shall be cumulative of any and all other
rights that Lender may ever have against Guarantor. The exercise by Lender of
any right or remedy hereunder or under any other instrument, or at law or in
equity, shall not preclude the concurrent or subsequent exercise of any other
right or remedy.

     5.11 Other Defined Terms. Any capitalized term utilized herein shall have
the meaning as specified in the Loan Agreement, unless such term is otherwise
specifically defined herein.

     5.12 Entirety. THIS GUARANTY EMBODIES THE FINAL, ENTIRE AGREEMENT OF
GUARANTOR AND LENDER WITH RESPECT TO GUARANTOR'S GUARANTY OF THE GUARANTEED
OBLIGATIONS AND SUPERSEDES ANY AND ALL PRIOR COMMITMENTS, AGREEMENTS,
REPRESENTATIONS, AND UNDERSTANDINGS, WHETHER WRITTEN OR ORAL, RELATING TO THE
SUBJECT MATTER HEREOF. THIS GUARANTY IS INTENDED BY GUARANTOR AND LENDER AS A
FINAL AND COMPLETE EXPRESSION OF THE TERMS OF THE GUARANTY, AND NO COURSE OF
DEALING BETWEEN GUARANTOR AND LENDER, NO COURSE OF PERFORMANCE, NO TRADE
PRACTICES, AND NO EVIDENCE OF PRIOR, CONTEMPORANEOUS OR SUBSEQUENT ORAL
AGREEMENTS OR DISCUSSIONS OR OTHER EXTRINSIC EVIDENCE OF ANY NATURE SHALL BE
USED TO CONTRADICT, VARY, SUPPLEMENT OR MODIFY ANY TERM OF THIS GUARANTY
AGREEMENT. THERE ARE NO ORAL AGREEMENTS BETWEEN GUARANTOR AND LENDER.


                                       11
<PAGE>

     5.13 Waiver of Right To Trial By Jury. GUARANTOR AND LENDER HEREBY AGREE
NOT TO ELECT A TRIAL BY JURY OF ANY ISSUE TRIABLE OF RIGHT BY JURY, AND WAIVE
ANY RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY FULLY TO THE EXTENT THAT ANY SUCH RIGHT SHALL NOW OR
HEREAFTER EXIST WITH REGARD TO THIS GUARANTY, THE NOTE, THE LOAN AGREEMENT, THE
MORTGAGE, OR THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS, OR ANY CLAIM, COUNTERCLAIM OR OTHER
ACTION ARISING IN CONNECTION THEREWITH. THIS WAIVER OF RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IS
GIVEN KNOWINGLY AND VOLUNTARILY BY GUARANTOR AND LENDER, AND IS INTENDED TO
ENCOMPASS INDIVIDUALLY EACH INSTANCE AND EACH ISSUE AS TO WHICH THE RIGHT TO A
TRIAL BY JURY WOULD OTHERWISE ACCRUE. LENDER OR GUARANTOR IS HEREBY AUTHORIZED
TO FILE A COPY OF THIS PARAGRAPH IN ANY PROCEEDING AS CONCLUSIVE EVIDENCE OF
THIS WAIVER BY GUARANTOR.

     5.14 Reinstatement in Certain Circumstances. If at any time any payment of
the principal of or interest under the Note or any other amount payable by the
Borrower under the Loan Documents is rescinded or must be otherwise restored or
returned upon the insolvency, bankruptcy or reorganization of the Borrower or
otherwise, the Guarantor's obligations hereunder with respect to such payment
shall be reinstated as though such payment has been due but not made at such
time.








                                       12
<PAGE>


                  EXECUTED as of the day and year first above written.


                                   GUARANTOR:


                                   KOGER EQUITY, INC., a Florida corporation



                                    By: /S/ Thomas C. Brockwell
                                      -----------------------------------
                                      Name: Thomas C. Brockwell
                                      Title: Vice President




</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
