<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex102.txt
<DESCRIPTION>MORTGAGE SERVICING AGREEMENT - EX 10.2
<TEXT>
                                                                    Exhibit 10.2
                                SERVICE AGREEMENT


     This  Agreement,  made as of the 1st day of  April,  2002,  by and  between
INTERVEST  NATIONAL BANK, a national banking  association with principal offices
at One  Rockefeller  Plaza (Suite 300), New York,  New York 10020  ("INB"),  and
INTERVEST CORPORATION OF NEW YORK, a New York corporation with principal offices
at 10 Rockefeller Plaza (Suite 1015), New York, New York 10020 ("ICNY").

                                   WITNESSETH

     WHEREAS,  INB desires to retain the services of ICNY in accordance with the
terms and conditions hereinafter set forth; and

     WHEREAS, ICNY desires to perform such services in accordance with the terms
and conditions set forth herein;

     NOW,  THEREFORE,  in  consideration  of the mutual  covenants  and promises
herein contained, the parties hereto agree as follows:

     1.  Retention  and  Description  of  Services.  INB hereby  retains ICNY to
         -----------------------------------------
perform the following services:

     (a) Mortgage Originations. ICNY shall assist in identification of potential
properties  and  borrowers  for purposes of the  origination  by INB of mortgage
loans (the "Origination  Services").  The Origination Services shall include the
inspection  of  properties  constituting  collateral  for  such  loans  and  the
negotiation of the terms and conditions of such loans.  Any such loan shall,  in
all  events,  be  subject  to the  approval  of  INB,  and  ICNY  shall,  in the
performance  of its services  hereunder,  be guided by the  mortgage  investment
policies of INB as in effect from time to time.

     (b) Agents. In the performance of its services  hereunder,  ICNY shall have
authority  to  interact  with   attorneys,   approved   appraisers,   engineers,
environmental  consultants,  and such  other  consultants  and  professional  as
retained by INB.

     (c)  Mortgage  Servicing.  To the extent  requested to do so by INB for any
particular mortgage,  ICNY shall act as  mortgage-servicing  agent for specified
mortgages (the "Mortgage Servicing  Services").  The Mortgage Servicing Services
shall include the collection of mortgages  receivable,  the payment of mortgages
payable, the payment of property taxes, insurance premiums and other impositions
for the mortgaged premises.

     ICNY agrees to perform all services as may be  reasonably  requested by INB
hereunder  and as may be  mutually  agreed  by the  parties  to the  best of its
abilities and within reasonable time periods, and shall allocate sufficient time
and  resources to this end.  Notwithstanding  the  foregoing,  ICNY  provides no

                                                                               1

<PAGE>

warranties or guaranty of results with respect to any of its services, which may
be performed under this Agreement.

     2. Compensation and Fees. In consideration for the Origination  Services to
        ---------------------
be rendered by ICNY hereunder, INB agrees to pay ICNY as follows:

     o    All  origination  fees  collected  by INB for  any  real  estate  loan
          originated and closed less $2,000 per loan;

     o    Any  extension  fees  (including  any fee to extend open  commitments)
          collected  by INB for any real  estate loan  extended  and closed less
          $1,000 per loan;

     o    All  origination  and/or  extension fees collected by INB for any real
          estate  loan  that  does  not  close  because  it  is  withdrawn,  the
          commitment expires, or otherwise less $1,000 per loan.

     The fees will be tracked  and  aggregated  monthly by INB based on the loan
activity  for each  month.  Each  month's  total fee due ICNY will be divided by
twelve  and  paid to ICNY in  equal  monthly  installments  until  paid in full.
Exhibit A (attached)  will be prepared by INB and reported to ICNY monthly.  The
monthly fee will be automatically  deposited into ICNY's money-market  account #
3150000059 on or about the 15th of each month.

     INB shall  also pay,  upon  receipt  of a written  inspection  report,  any
property  inspection  fees  and/or  property   re-inspection  fees  received  in
connection  with  inspections  performed by ICNY.  Such fees shall be payable to
ICNY when received.

     3. Term. The term of this  Agreement  shall commence upon its execution and
        ----
shall continue in full force and effect through  December 31, 2002,  after which
time it shall be subject to  automatic  annual  renewals,  provided  that either
party may terminate this Agreement upon 90 days written notice.

     4.  Termination.  In the event of any termination of this  Agreement,  ICNY
         -----------
shall  be  entitled  to any fees  earned  by it  hereunder  prior to the date of
termination and ICNY shall, to the extent  necessary,  cooperate in the transfer
of any services to INB or its designated agent.

     5. Confidential Information.
        ------------------------

     (a) As used in this Agreement, the "Confidential  Information" of one party
(the "Party") shall mean any  information  disclosed to or obtained by the other
party ("other") as a result of the relationship  between the parties existing by
virtue of this or any other agreement of the parties,  which  information is not
generally  known in the  trade or  industry  in which the  Party  operates,  and
relating  to the  Party's  past,  present  and future  products,  processes  and
services,  and  information  relating  to the  Party's  customers,  as  well  as
financial,  sales  and  business  planning  information.  The term  Confidential
Information does not include any information which the other can show was in the
public  domain at the time the other became  aware of it,  because a part of the
public domain  through no fault of the other after the other became aware of it,
or is  disclosed  to the  other  by a  third  party  free of any  obligation  of
confidence.

                                                                               2

<PAGE>

     (b) The parties mutually agree to hold all Confidential  Information of the
other party in trust and  confidence,  and to use it only for the benefit of the
other party.  Unless approved by either party in writing,  each party agrees not
to disclose any  Confidential  Information  of the other party by publication or
otherwise to any third party.

     6. Liability;  Indemnification. Each party shall be liable to the other for
        ---------------------------
its own negligence,  willful misconduct, bad faith, fraud and material breach of
its  obligations.  INB shall  indemnify,  defend and hold harmless ICNY from and
against  any  claims  or  actions  arising  out of its  performance  of  service
hereunder,  except  to  the  extent  such  claims  or  actions  are  due  to the
negligence,  willful  misconduct,  bad  faith  and  material  breach  of  ICNY's
obligations. In any event, INB is wholly responsible for the review and analysis
of any third party  reports  including  but not limited to credit,  tax returns,
financial statements, environmental, engineering and appraisals.

     7. Outside Business Interest. INB acknowledges and understands that ICNY is
        -------------------------
engaged in a mortgage  banking business and, as such,  originates  mortgages for
its own account. Both INB and ICNY and their respective affiliates may engage in
or  possess  an  interest  in other  businesses  of any  nature or  description,
independently  or with others,  and the other party shall not have any rights by
virtue of this Agreement in and to such independent  businesses or the income or
profits  derived  therefrom,  and the pursuit of any such business  shall not be
deemed  wrongful or  improper.  Neither  party shall be obligated to present any
particular business or investment opportunity,  including mortgage originations,
to the other party as a result of this Agreement.

     8.  Independent  Contractor.  The parties agree that ICNY is an independent
         -----------------------
contractor  and  shall  not be deemed to be,  for any  purposes  whatsoever,  an
employee of INB.

     9.  Assignment.  Neither this  Agreement  nor any interest  herein or claim
         ----------
hereunder,  may be assigned or  transferred to any third party without the prior
written authorization of the other party to this Agreement.

     10.  Governing  Law.  This  Agreement  is made  pursuant  to,  and shall be
          --------------
construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York.

     11.  Survival.  The rights and  obligations  of the parties as set forth in
          --------
paragraphs  5 and 6 of this  Agreement  shall  survive  and  continue  after the
expiration or termination of this Agreement,  and shall bind the parties hereto,
and their respective successors and assigns.

     12. Modification. This Agreement shall be modified only by an instrument in
         ------------
writing and signed by duly authorized representatives of each of the parties.

     13.  Entire  Agreement.  This  document  constitutes  the entire  agreement
          -----------------
between the parties with respect to the subject  matter  hereof,  and supersedes
all previous  communications,  representations,  understandings  and agreements,
whether oral or written,  between the parties or any official or  representative
thereof.

                                                                               3

<PAGE>

     14. Force  Majeure.  Neither party to this  Agreement is responsible to the
         --------------
other  party  for  nonperformance  or  delay in  performance  of the  terms  and
conditions hereof caused or occasioned by acts of God, fires, strikes,  civil or
military authority,  insurrection,  riot,  requirements of any statute, order or
directive of any governmental authority,  or, without limiting the generality of
the  foregoing,  by any other  similar  cause or event which is  unavoidable  or
beyond the reasonable control of the parties.

     15. Non-Waiver.  The failure of either party to insist, in any one instance
         ----------
or more upon the  performance  of any of the  covenants  or  conditions  of this
Agreement, or failure to exercise any right or privilege herein contained, shall
not be  construed  as a  waiver  of any such  covenant,  conditions,  rights  or
privileges, but the same shall continue and remain in full force and effect.

     IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of
the day and year first above written.



                                    INTERVEST NATIONAL BANK

                                    By:      /s/ Raymond C. Sullivan
                                             -----------------------
                                             Raymond C. Sullivan, President



                                    INTERVEST CORPORATION OF NEW YORK

                                    By:      /s/ Lawrence G. Bergman
                                             -----------------------
                                             Lawrence G. Bergman, Vice President





</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
