<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.30
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>f87815exv10w30.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.30
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.30


                               SPEEDFAM-IPEC, INC.

                                 1995 STOCK PLAN
                   as amended and restated as of July 27, 2001

         1.       Purposes of the Plan. The purposes of this Stock Option Plan
are to attract and retain the best available personnel for positions of
substantial responsibility, to provide additional incentive to Employees,
Directors and Consultants and to promote the success of the Company's business.
Options granted under the Plan may be Incentive Stock Options or Nonstatutory
Stock Options, as determined by the Administrator at the time of grant. Stock
Purchase Rights may also be granted under the Plan.

         2.       Definitions. As used herein, the following definitions shall
                  apply:

                  (a)      "Administrator" means the Compensation Committee or
any successor thereto of the Board of Directors of the Corporation or by such
other committee as shall be determined by the Board of Directors which shall
administer the Plan, in accordance with Section 4 of the Plan. The Committee
shall consist of not less than two members of the Board of Directors, each of
whom shall qualify as a "disinterested person" to administer the Plan as
contemplated by Rule 16b-3, as amended, or other applicable rules under Section
16(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

                  (b)      "Applicable Laws" means the requirements relating to
the administration of stock option plans under U. S. state corporate laws, U.S.
federal and state securities laws, the Code, any stock exchange or quotation
system on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted and the applicable laws of
any foreign country or jurisdiction where Options or Stock Purchase Rights are,
or will be, granted under the Plan.

                  (c)      "Board" means the Board of Directors of the Company.

                  (d)      "Change in Control" means the occurrence of any of
the following events:

                           (i)      Any "person" (as such term is used in
Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act) becomes the "beneficial owner" (as
defined in Rule 13d-3 of the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of
securities of the Company representing fifty percent (50%) or more of the total
voting power represented by the Company's then outstanding voting securities; or

                           (ii)     The consummation of the sale or disposition
by the Company of all or substantially all of the Company's assets;

                           (iii)    A change in the composition of the Board
occurring within a two-year period, as a result of which fewer than a majority
of the directors are Incumbent Directors. "Incumbent Directors" means directors
who either (A) are Directors as of the date hereof, or (B) are elected, or
nominated for election, to the Board with the affirmative votes of at least a
majority of the Incumbent Directors at the time of such election or nomination
(but will not include an individual whose election or nomination is in
connection with an actual or threatened proxy contest relating to the election
of directors to the Company); or

<PAGE>

                           (iv)     The consummation of a merger or
consolidation of the Company with any other corporation, other than a merger or
consolidation which would result in the voting securities of the Company
outstanding immediately prior thereto continuing to represent (either by
remaining outstanding or by being converted into voting securities of the
surviving entity or its parent) at least fifty percent (50%) of the total voting
power represented by the voting securities of the Company or such surviving
entity or its parent outstanding immediately after such merger or consolidation.

                  (e)      "Code" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
amended.

                  (f)      "Committee" means a committee of Directors appointed
by the Board in accordance with Section 4 of the Plan.

                  (g)      "Common Stock" means the common stock of the Company.

                  (h)      "Company" means Speedfam-IPEC, Inc., an Illinois
corporation.

                  (i)      "Consultant" means any natural person, including an
advisor, engaged by the Company or a Parent or Subsidiary to render services to
such entity.

                  (j)      "Director" means a member of the Board.

                  (k)      "Disability" means total and permanent disability as
defined in Section 22(e)(3) of the Code.

                  (l)      "Employee" means any person, including Officers and
Directors, employed by the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary of the Company. A
Service Provider shall not cease to be an Employee in the case of (i) any leave
of absence approved by the Company or (ii) transfers between locations of the
Company or between the Company, its Parent, any Subsidiary, or any successor.
For purposes of Incentive Stock Options, no such leave may exceed ninety days,
unless reemployment upon expiration of such leave is guaranteed by statute or
contract. If reemployment upon expiration of a leave of absence approved by the
Company is not so guaranteed, then three (3) months following the 91st day of
such leave any Incentive Stock Option held by the Optionee shall cease to be
treated as an Incentive Stock Option and shall be treated for tax purposes as a
Nonstatutory Stock Option. Neither service as a Director nor payment of a
director's fee by the Company shall be sufficient to constitute "employment" by
the Company.

                  (m)      "Exchange Act" means the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended.

                  (n)      "Fair Market Value" means, as of any date, the value
of Common Stock determined as follows:

                           (i)      If the Common Stock is listed on any
established stock exchange or a national market system, including without
limitation the Nasdaq National Market or The Nasdaq SmallCap Market of The
Nasdaq Stock Market, its Fair Market Value shall be the closing sales price for
such stock (or the closing bid, if no sales were reported) as quoted on such

                                       2

<PAGE>

exchange or system on the day of determination, as reported in The Wall Street
Journal or such other source as the Administrator deems reliable;

                           (ii)     If the Common Stock is regularly quoted by a
recognized securities dealer but selling prices are not reported, the Fair
Market Value of a Share of Common Stock shall be the mean between the high bid
and low asked prices for the Common Stock on the day of determination, as
reported in The Wall Street Journal or such other source as the Administrator
deems reliable; or

                           (iii)    In the absence of an established market for
the Common Stock, the Fair Market Value shall be determined in good faith by the
Administrator.

                  (o)      "Incentive Stock Option" means an Option intended to
qualify as an incentive stock option within the meaning of Section 422 of the
Code and the regulations promulgated thereunder.

                  (p)      "Inside Director" means a Director who is an
                           Employee.

                  (q)      "Nonstatutory Stock Option" means an Option not
intended to qualify as an Incentive Stock Option.

                  (r)      "Notice of Grant" means a written or electronic
notice evidencing certain terms and conditions of an individual Option or Stock
Purchase Right grant. The Notice of Grant is part of the Option Agreement.

                  (s)      "Officer" means a person who is an officer of the
Company within the meaning of Section 16 of the Exchange Act and the rules and
regulations promulgated thereunder.

                  (t)      "Option" means a stock option granted pursuant to the
Plan.

                  (u)      "Option Agreement" means an agreement between the
Company and an Optionee evidencing the terms and conditions of an individual
Option grant. The Option Agreement is subject to the terms and conditions of the
Plan.

                  (v)      "Option Exchange Program" means a program whereby
outstanding Options are surrendered in exchange for Options with a lower
exercise price.

                  (w)      "Optioned Stock" means the Common Stock subject to an
Option or Stock Purchase Right.

                  (x)      "Optionee" means the holder of an outstanding Option
or Stock Purchase Right granted under the Plan.

                  (y)      "Outside Director" means a Director who is not an
Employee.

                  (z)      "Parent" means a "parent corporation," whether now or
hereafter existing, as defined in Section 424(e) of the Code.

                                       3

<PAGE>

                  (aa)     "Plan" means this 1995 Stock Plan.

                  (bb)     "Restricted Stock" means shares of Common Stock
acquired pursuant to a grant of Stock Purchase Rights under Section 11 of the
Plan.

                  (cc)     "Restricted Stock Purchase Agreement" means a written
agreement between the Company and the Optionee evidencing the terms and
restrictions applying to stock purchased under a Stock Purchase Right. The
Restricted Stock Purchase Agreement is subject to the terms and conditions of
the Plan and the Notice of Grant.

                  (dd)     "Rule 16b-3" means Rule 16b-3 of the Exchange Act or
any successor to Rule 1 6b-3, as in effect when discretion is being exercised
with respect to the Plan.

                  (ee)     "Section 16(b)" means Section 16(b) of the Exchange
Act.

                  (ff)     "Service Provider" means an Employee, Director or
Consultant.

                  (gg)     "Share" means a share of the Common Stock, as
adjusted in accordance with Section 14 of the Plan.

                  (hh)     "Stock Purchase Right" means the right to purchase
Common Stock pursuant to Section 11 of the Plan, as evidenced by a Notice of
Grant.

                  (ii)     "Subsidiary" means a "subsidiary corporation",
whether now or hereafter existing, as defined in Section 424(f) of the Code.

         3.       Stock Subject to the Plan. Subject to the provisions of
Section 14 of the Plan, the maximum aggregate number of Shares that may be
optioned and sold under the Plan is 5,300,000 Shares. The Shares may be
authorized, but unissued, or reacquired Common Stock.

                           If an Option or Stock Purchase Right expires or
becomes unexercisable without having been exercised in full, or is surrendered
pursuant to an Option Exchange Program, the unpurchased Shares which were
subject thereto shall become available for future grant or sale under the Plan
(unless the Plan has terminated); provided, however, that Shares that have
actually been issued under the Plan, whether upon exercise of an Option or
Right, shall not be returned to the Plan and shall not become available for
future distribution under the Plan, except that if Shares of Restricted Stock
are repurchased by the Company at their original purchase price, such Shares
shall become available for future grant under the Plan.

         4.       Administration of the Plan.

                  (a)      Procedure.

                           (i)      Multiple Administrative Bodies. Different
Committees with respect to different groups of Service Providers may administer
the Plan.

                                       4

<PAGE>

                           (ii)     Rule 16b-3. To the extent desirable to
qualify transactions hereunder as exempt under Rule 16b-3, the transactions
contemplated hereunder shall be structured to satisfy the requirements for
exemption under Rule 16b-3. -

                           (iii)    Other Administration. Other than as provided
above, the Plan shall be administered by (A) the Board or (B) a Committee, which
committee shall be constituted to satisfy Applicable Laws.

                  (b)      Powers of the Administrator. Subject to the
provisions of the Plan, and in the case of a Committee, subject to the specific
duties delegated by the Board to such Committee, the Administrator shall have
the authority, in its discretion:

                           (i)      to determine the Fair Market Value;

                           (ii)     to select the Service Providers to whom
Options and Stock Purchase Rights may be granted hereunder;

                           (iii)    to determine the number of shares of Common
Stock to be covered by each Option and Stock Purchase Right granted hereunder;

                           (iv)     to approve forms of agreement for use under
the Plan;

                           (v)      to determine the terms and conditions, not
inconsistent with the terms of the Plan, of any Option or Stock Purchase Right
granted hereunder. Such terms and conditions include, but are not limited to,
the exercise price, the time or times when Options or Stock Purchase Rights may
be exercised (which may be based on performance criteria), any vesting
acceleration or waiver of forfeiture restrictions, and any restriction or
limitation regarding any Option or Stock Purchase Right or the shares of Common
Stock relating thereto, based in each case on such factors as the Administrator,
in its sole discretion, shall determine;

                           (vi)     to reduce the exercise price of any Option
or Stock Purchase Right to the then current Fair Market Value if the Fair Market
Value of the Common Stock covered by such Option or Stock Purchase Right shall
have declined since the date the Option or Stock Purchase Right was granted;

                           (vii)    to institute an Option Exchange Program;

                           (viii)   to construe and interpret the terms of the
Plan and awards granted pursuant to the Plan;

                           (ix)     to prescribe, amend and rescind rules and
regulations relating to the Plan, including rules and regulations relating to
sub-plans established for the purpose of satisfying applicable foreign laws;

                           (x)      to modify or amend each Option or Stock
Purchase Right (subject to Section 16(c) of the Plan), including the
discretionary authority to extend the post-termination exercisability period of
Options longer than is otherwise provided for in the Plan;

                                       5

<PAGE>

                           (xi)     to allow Optionees to satisfy withholding
tax obligations by electing to have the Company withhold from the Shares to be
issued upon exercise of an Option or Stock Purchase Right that number of Shares
having a Fair Market Value equal to the minimum amount required to be withheld.
The Fair Market Value of the Shares to be withheld shall be determined on the
date that the amount of tax to be withheld is to be determined. All elections by
an Optionee to have Shares withheld for this purpose shall be made in such form
and under such conditions as the Administrator may deem necessary or advisable;

                           (xii)    to authorize any person to execute on behalf
of the Company any instrument required to effect the grant of an Option or Stock
Purchase Right previously granted by the Administrator;

                           (xiii)   to make all other determinations deemed
necessary or advisable for administering the Plan.

                  (c)      Effect of Administrator's Decision. The
Administrator's decisions, determinations and interpretations shall be final and
binding on all Optionees and any other holders of Options or Stock Purchase
Rights.

         5.       Eligibility. Nonstatutory Stock Options and Stock Purchase
Rights may be granted to Service Providers. Incentive Stock Options may be
granted only to Employees.

         6.       Limitations.

                  (a)      Each Option shall be designated in the Option
Agreement as either an Incentive Stock Option or a Nonstatutory Stock Option.
However, notwithstanding such designation, to the extent that the aggregate Fair
Market Value of the Shares with respect to which Incentive Stock Options are
exercisable for the first time by the Optionee during any calendar year (under
all plans of the Company and any Parent or Subsidiary) exceeds $100,000, such
Options shall be treated as Nonstatutory Stock Options. For purposes of this
Section 6(a), Incentive Stock Options shall be taken into account in the order
in which they were granted. The Fair Market Value of the Shares shall be
determined as of the time the Option with respect to such Shares is granted.

                  (b)      Neither the Plan nor any Option or Stock Purchase
Right shall confer upon an Optionee any right with respect to continuing the
Optionee's relationship as a Service Provider with the Company, nor shall they
interfere in any way with the Optionee's right or the Company's right to
terminate such relationship at any time, with or without cause.

         7.       Term of Plan. Subject to Section 20 of the Plan, the Plan
shall become effective upon its adoption by the Board. It shall continue in
effect for a term of ten (10) years unless terminated earlier under Section 16
of the Plan.

         8.       Term of Option. The term of each Option shall be stated in the
Option Agreement. In the case of an Incentive Stock Option, the term shall be
ten (10) years from the date of grant or such shorter term as may be provided in
the Option Agreement. Moreover, in the case of an Incentive Stock Option granted
to an Optionee who, at the time the Incentive Stock Option is granted, owns
stock representing more than ten percent (10%) of the total

                                       6

<PAGE>

combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Company or any Parent or
Subsidiary, the term of the Incentive Stock Option shall be five (5) years from
the date of grant or such shorter term as may be provided in the Option
Agreement.

         9.       Option Exercise Price and Consideration.

                  (a)      Exercise Price. The per share exercise price for the
Shares to be issued pursuant to exercise of an Option shall be determined by the
Administrator, subject to the following:

                           (i)      In the case of an Incentive Stock Option

                                    (A)       granted to an Employee who, at the
time the Incentive Stock Option is granted, owns stock representing more than
ten percent (10%) of the voting power of all classes of stock of the Company or
any Parent or Subsidiary, the per Share exercise price shall be no less than
110% of the Fair Market Value per Share on the date of grant.

                                    (B)       granted to any Employee other than
an Employee described in paragraph (A) immediately above, the per Share exercise
price shall be no less than 100% of the Fair Market Value per Share on the date
of grant.

                           (ii)     Notwithstanding the foregoing, Options may
be granted with a per Share exercise price of less than 100% of the Fair Market
Value per Share on the date of grant pursuant to a merger or other corporate
transaction.

                  (b)      Waiting Period and Exercise Dates. At the time an
Option is granted, the Administrator shall fix the period within which the
Option may be exercised and shall determine any conditions that must be
satisfied before the Option may be exercised.

                  (c)      Form of Consideration. The Administrator shall
determine the acceptable form of consideration for exercising an Option,
including the method of payment. In the case of an Incentive Stock Option, the
Administrator shall determine the acceptable form of consideration at the time
of grant. Such consideration may consist entirely of:

                           (i)      cash;

                           (ii)     check;

                           (iii)    promissory note;

                           (iv)     other Shares which, in the case of Shares
acquired directly or indirectly from the Company, (A) have been owned by the
Optionee for more than six (6) months on the date of surrender, and (B) have a
Fair Market Value on the date of surrender equal to the aggregate exercise price
of the Shares as to which said Option shall be exercised;

                           (v)      consideration received by the Company under
a cashless exercise program implemented by the Company in connection with the
Plan;

                                       7

<PAGE>

                           (vi)     a reduction in the amount of any Company
liability to the Optionee, including any liability attributable to the
Optionee's participation in any Company-sponsored deferred compensation program
or arrangement;

                           (vii)    any combination of the foregoing methods of
payment; or

                           (viii)   such other consideration and method of
payment for the issuance of Shares to the extent permitted by Applicable Laws.

         10.      Exercise of Option.

                  (a)      Procedure for Exercise; Rights as a Shareholder. Any
Option granted hereunder shall be exercisable according to the terms of the Plan
and at such times and under such conditions as determined by the Administrator
and set forth in the Option Agreement. Unless the Administrator provides
otherwise, vesting of Options granted hereunder shall be suspended during any
unpaid leave of absence. An Option may not be exercised for a fraction of a
Share.

                           An Option shall be deemed exercised when the Company
receives: (i) written or electronic notice of exercise (in accordance with the
Option Agreement) from the person entitled to exercise the Option, and (ii) full
payment for the Shares with respect to which the Option is exercised. Full
payment may consist of any consideration and method of payment authorized by the
Administrator and permitted by the Option Agreement and the Plan. Shares issued
upon exercise of an Option shall be issued in the name of the Optionee or, if
requested by the Optionee, in the name of the Optionee and his or her spouse.
Until the Shares are issued (as evidenced by the appropriate entry on the books
of the Company or of a duly authorized transfer agent of the Company), no right
to vote or receive dividends or any other rights as a shareholder shall exist
with respect to the Optioned Stock, notwithstanding the exercise of the Option.
The Company shall issue (or cause to be issued) such Shares promptly after the
Option is exercised. No adjustment will be made for a dividend or other right
for which the record date is prior to the date the Shares are issued, except as
provided in Section 14 of the Plan.

                           Exercising an Option in any manner shall decrease the
number of Shares thereafter available, both for purposes of the Plan and for
sale under the Option, by the number of Shares as to which the Option is
exercised.

                  (b)      Termination of Relationship as a Service Provider. If
an Optionee ceases to be a Service Provider, other than upon the Optionee's
death or Disability, the Optionee may exercise his or her Option within such
period of time as is specified in the Option Agreement to the extent that the
Option is vested on the date of termination (but in no event later than the
expiration of the term of such Option as set forth in the Option Agreement). In
the absence of a specified time in the Option Agreement, the Option shall remain
exercisable for three (3) months following the Optionee's termination. If, on
the date of termination, the Optionee is not vested as to his or her entire
Option, the Shares covered by the unvested portion of the Option shall revert to
the Plan. If, after termination, the Optionee does not exercise his or her
Option within the time specified by the Administrator, the Option shall
terminate, and the Shares covered by such Option shall revert to the Plan.

                                       8

<PAGE>

                  (c)      Disability of Optionee. If an Optionee ceases to be a
Service Provider as a result of the Optionee's Disability, the Optionee may
exercise his or her Option within such period of time as is specified in the
Option Agreement to the extent the Option is vested on the date of termination
(but in no event later than the expiration of the term of such Option as set
forth in the Option Agreement). In the absence of a specified time in the Option
Agreement, the Option shall remain exercisable for twelve (12) months following
the Optionee's termination. If, on the date of termination, the Optionee is not
vested as to his or her entire Option, the Shares covered by the unvested
portion of the Option shall revert to the Plan. If, after termination, the
Optionee does not exercise his or her Option within the time specified herein,
the Option shall terminate, and the Shares covered by such Option shall revert
to the Plan.

                  (d)      Death of Optionee. If an Optionee dies while a
Service Provider, the Option may be exercised following the Optionee's death
within such period of time as is specified in the Option Agreement to the extent
that the Option is vested on the date of death (but in no event may the option
be exercised later than the expiration of the term of such Option as set forth
in the Option Agreement), by the Optionee's designated beneficiary, provided
such beneficiary has been designated prior to Optionee's death in a form
acceptable to the Administrator. If no such beneficiary has been designated by
the Optionee, then such Option may be exercised by the personal representative
of the Optionee's estate or by the person(s) to whom the Option is transferred
pursuant to the Optionee's will or in accordance with the laws of descent and
distribution. In the absence of a specified time in the Option Agreement, the
Option shall remain exercisable for twelve (12) months following Optionee's
death. If, at the time of death, Optionee is not vested as to his or her entire
Option, the Shares covered by the unvested portion of the Option shall
immediately revert to the Plan. If the Option is not so exercised within the
time specified herein, the Option shall terminate, and the Shares covered by
such Option shall revert to the Plan.

         11.      Stock Purchase Rights.

                  (a)      Rights to Purchase. Stock Purchase Rights may be
issued either alone, in addition to, or in tandem with other awards granted
under the Plan and/or cash awards made outside of the Plan. After the
Administrator determines that it will offer Stock Purchase Rights under the
Plan, it shall advise the offeree in writing or electronically, by means of a
Notice of Grant, of the terms, conditions and restrictions related to the offer,
including the number of Shares that the offeree shall be entitled to purchase,
the price to be paid, and the time within which the offeree must accept such
offer. The offer shall be accepted by execution of a Restricted Stock Purchase
Agreement in the form determined by the Administrator.

                  (b)      Repurchase Option. Unless the Administrator
determines otherwise, the Restricted Stock Purchase Agreement shall grant the
Company a repurchase option exercisable upon the voluntary or involuntary
termination of the purchaser's service with the Company for any reason
(including death or Disability). The purchase price for Shares repurchased
pursuant to the Restricted Stock Purchase Agreement shall be the original price
paid by the purchaser and may be paid by cancellation of any indebtedness of the
purchaser to the Company. The repurchase option shall lapse at a rate determined
by the Administrator.

                                       9

<PAGE>

                  (c)      Other Provisions. The Restricted Stock Purchase
Agreement shall contain such other terms, provisions and conditions not
inconsistent with the Plan as may be determined by the Administrator in its sole
discretion.

                  (d)      Rights as a Shareholder. Once the Stock Purchase
Right is exercised, the purchaser shall have the rights equivalent to those of a
shareholder, and shall be a shareholder when his or her purchase is entered upon
the records of the duly authorized transfer agent of the Company. No adjustment
will be made for a dividend or other right for which the record date is prior to
the date the Stock Purchase Right is exercised, except as provided in Section 14
of the Plan.

         12.      Transferability of Options and Stock Purchase Rights. Unless
determined otherwise by the Administrator, an Option or Stock Purchase Right may
not be sold, pledged, assigned, hypothecated, transferred, or disposed of in any
manner other than by will or by the laws of descent or distribution and may be
exercised, during the lifetime of the Optionee, only by the Optionee. If the
Administrator makes an Option or Stock Purchase Right transferable, such Option
or Stock Purchase Right shall contain such additional terms and conditions as
the Administrator deems appropriate.

         13.      Formula Option Grants to Outside Directors. Discretionary
awards can be made to Outside Directors pursuant to Section 4(b) hereof. All
grants of Options to Outside Directors pursuant to this Section 13, however,
shall be automatic and shall be made in accordance with the following
provisions:

                  (a)      All Options granted pursuant to this Section shall be
Nonstatutory Stock Options and, except as otherwise provided herein, shall be
subject to the other terms and conditions of the Plan.

                  (b)      Each person who first becomes an Outside Director
following the effective date of this Plan, as determined in accordance with
Section 7 hereof, shall be automatically granted an Option to purchase 15,000
Shares (the "First Option") or the date on which such person first becomes an
Outside Director, whether through election by the stockholders of the Company or
appointment by the Board to fill a vacancy; provided, however, that an Inside
Director who ceases to be an Inside Director but who remains a Director shall
not receive a First Option.

                  (c)      Each Outside Director shall be automatically granted
an Option to purchase 5,000 Shares (a "Subsequent Option") on the date of the
annual meeting of the stockholders of the Company, if as of such date, he or she
shall have served on the Board for at least the preceding six (6) months.

                  (d)      Notwithstanding the provisions of subsections (c) and
(d) hereof, any exercise of an Option granted before the Company has obtained
shareholder approval of the Plan in accordance with Section 20 hereof shall be
conditioned upon obtaining such shareholder approval of the Plan in accordance
with Section 20 hereof.

                  (e)      The terms of each Option granted pursuant to this
Section shall be as follows:

                                       10

<PAGE>

                           (i)      the term of the Option -shall be ten (10)
years.

                           (ii)     the exercise price per Share shall be 100%
of the Fair Market Value per Share on the date of grant of the Option.

                           (iii)    subject to Section 14 hereof, the First
Option and the Subsequent Option shall be immediately exercisable and fully
vested.

         14.      Adjustments Upon Changes in Capitalization, Merger or Change
in Control.

                  (a)      Changes in Capitalization. Subject to any required
action by the stockholders of the Company, the number of shares of Common Stock
that have been authorized for issuance under the Plan but as to which no Options
or Stock Purchase Rights have yet been granted or which have been returned to
the Plan upon cancellation or expiration of an Option or Stock Purchase Right,
the number of Shares that may be added annually to the Plan pursuant to Section
3(i), the number of shares which may be granted pursuant to the automatic grant
provisions of Section 13 and the number of shares of Common Stock as well as the
price per share of Common Stock covered by each such outstanding Option or Stock
Purchase Right, shall be proportionately adjusted for any increase or decrease
in the number of issued shares of Common Stock resulting from a stock split,
reverse stock split, stock dividend, combination or reclassification of the
Common Stock, or any other increase or decrease in the number of issued shares
of Common Stock effected without receipt of consideration by the Company;
provided, however, that conversion of any convertible securities of the Company
shall not be deemed to have been "effected without receipt of consideration."
Such adjustment shall be made by the Board, whose determination in that respect
shall be final, binding and conclusive. Except as expressly provided herein, no
issuance by the Company of shares of stock of any class, or securities
convertible into shares of stock of any class, shall affect, and no adjustment
by reason thereof shall be made with respect to, the number or price of shares
of Common Stock subject to an Option or Stock Purchase Right.

                  (b)      Dissolution or Liquidation. In the event of the
proposed dissolution or liquidation of the Company, the Administrator shall
notify each Optionee as soon as practicable prior to the effective date of such
proposed transaction. The Administrator in its discretion may provide for an
Optionee to have the right to exercise his or her Option until ten (10) days
prior to such transaction as to all of the Optioned Stock covered thereby,
including Shares as to which the Option would not otherwise be exercisable. In
addition, the Administrator may provide that any Company repurchase option
applicable to any Shares purchased upon exercise of an Option or Stock Purchase
Right shall lapse as to all such Shares, provided the proposed dissolution or
liquidation takes place at the time and in the manner contemplated. To the
extent it has not been previously exercised, an Option or Stock Purchase Right
will terminate immediately prior to the consummation of such proposed action.

                  (c)      Merger or Change in Control. In the event of a merger
of the Company with or into another corporation, or a Change in Control, each
outstanding Option and Stock Purchase Right shall be assumed or an equivalent
option or right substituted by the successor corporation or a Parent or
Subsidiary of the successor corporation. With respect to Options granted to an
Outside Director pursuant to Section 13 that are assumed or substituted for, if

                                       11

<PAGE>

following such assumption or substitution the Optionee's status as a Director or
a director of the successor corporation, as applicable, is terminated other than
upon a voluntary resignation by the Optionee, then the Optionee shall fully vest
in and have the right to exercise the Option as to all of the Optioned Stock,
including Shares as to which it would not otherwise be vested or exercise.

                           In the event that the successor corporation refuses
to assume or substitute for the Option or Stock Purchase Right, the Optionee
shall fully vest in and have the right to exercise the Option or Stock Purchase
Right as to all of the Optioned Stock, including Shares as to which it would not
otherwise be vested or exercisable. If an Option or Stock Purchase Right becomes
fully vested and exercisable in lieu of assumption or substitution in the event
of a merger or sale of assets, the Administrator shall notify the Optionee in
writing or electronically that the Option or Stock Purchase Right shall be fully
vested and exercisable for a period of fifteen (15) days from the date of such
notice, and the Option or Stock Purchase Right shall terminate upon the
expiration of such period.

                           For the purposes of this subsection (c), the Option
or Stock Purchase Right shall be considered assumed if, following the merger or
Change in Control, the option or right confers the right to purchase or receive,
for each Share of Optioned Stock subject to the Option or Stock Purchase Right
immediately prior to the merger or Change in Control, the consideration (whether
stock, cash, or other securities or property) received in the merger or Change
in Control by holders of Common Stock for each Share held on the effective date
of the transaction (and if holders were offered a choice of consideration, the
type of consideration chosen by the holders of a majority of the outstanding
Shares); provided, however, that if such consideration received in the merger or
Change in Control is not solely common stock of the successor corporation or its
Parent, the Administrator may, with the consent of the successor corporation,
provide for the consideration to be received upon the exercise of the Option or
Stock Purchase Right, for each Share of Optioned Stock subject to the Option or
Stock Purchase Right, to be solely common stock of the successor corporation or
its Parent equal in fair market value to the per share consideration received by
holders of Common Stock in the merger or Change in Control.

         15.      Date of Grant. The date of grant of an Option or Stock
Purchase Right shall be, for all purposes, the date on which the Administrator
makes the determination granting such Option or Stock Purchase Right, or such
other later date as is determined by the Administrator. Notice of the
determination shall be provided to each Optionee within a reasonable time after
the date of such grant.

         16.      Amendment and Termination of the Plan.

                  (a)      Amendment and Termination. The Board may at any time
amend, alter, suspend or terminate the Plan.

                  (b)      Shareholder Approval. The Company shall obtain
shareholder approval of any Plan amendment to the extent necessary and desirable
to comply with Applicable Laws.

                  (c)      Effect of Amendment or Termination. No amendment,
alteration, suspension or termination of the Plan shall impair the rights of any
Optionee, unless mutually agreed otherwise between the Optionee and the
Administrator, which agreement must be in

                                       12

<PAGE>

writing and signed by the Optionee and the Company. Termination of the Plan
shall not affect the Administrator's ability to exercise the powers granted to
it hereunder with respect to Options granted under the Plan prior to the date of
such termination.

         17.      Conditions Upon Issuance of Shares.

                  (a)      Legal Compliance. Shares shall not be issued pursuant
to the exercise of an Option or Stock Purchase Right unless the exercise of such
Option or Stock Purchase Right and the issuance and delivery of such Shares
shall comply with Applicable Laws and shall be further subject to the approval
of counsel for the Company with respect to such compliance.

                  (b)      Investment Representations. As a condition to the
exercise of an Option or Stock Purchase Right, the Company may require the
person exercising such Option or Stock Purchase Right to represent and warrant
at the time of any such exercise that the Shares are being purchased only for
investment and without any present intention to sell or distribute such Shares
if, in the opinion of counsel for the Company, such a representation is
required.

         18.      Inability to Obtain Authority. The inability of the Company to
obtain authority from any regulatory body having jurisdiction, which authority
is deemed by the Company's counsel to be necessary to the lawful issuance and
sale of any Shares hereunder, shall relieve the Company of any liability in
respect of the failure to issue or sell such Shares as to which such requisite
authority shall not have been obtained.

         19.      Reservation of Shares. The Company, during the term of this
Plan, will at all times reserve and keep available such number of Shares as
shall be sufficient to satisfy the requirements of the Plan.

         20.      Shareholder Approval. The Plan shall be subject to approval by
the stockholders of the Company within twelve (12) months after the date the
Plan is adopted. Such shareholder approval shall be obtained in the manner and
to the degree required under Applicable Laws.

                                       13
<PAGE>
[SpeedFam-IPEC LOGO]


Pursuant to the terms and conditions SpeedFam-IPEC, Inc.'s 1995 Employee Stock
Option Plan (the "Plan"), you have been granted AN INCENTIVE STOCK OPTION to
purchase shares (the "Option") of stock as outlined below.


            Grant Date:

       Options Granted:

Option Price per share:  $              Total Cost to Exercise: $

       Expiration Date:


      Vesting Schedule:





                                        Very truly yours,

                                        SPEEDFAM-IPEC, INC.



                                        By:
                                            ----------------------------------




By my signature below, I hereby acknowledge receipt of this Option granted on
the date shown above, which has been issued to me under the terms and conditions
of the Plan. I further acknowledge receipt of the copy of the Plan and agree to
conform to all of the terms and conditions of the Option and the Plan.


Signature:                                        Date:
           -------------------------------------        ----------------------



SpeedFam-IPEC, Inc.
305 North 54th Street, Chandler, AZ 85226-2416
Phone: 480.705.2100  Fax: 480.705.2122
www.sfamipec.com                                                       RJF:rms


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
