<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.32
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>f87815exv10w32.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.32
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.32


                    INTEGRATED PROCESS EQUIPMENT CORPORATION

                             1992 STOCK OPTION PLAN


     1.   Purposes of the Plan. The purposes of this Stock Plan are:

     -    to attract and retain the best available personnel for positions of
substantial responsibility,

     -    to provide additional incentive to Employees and Consultants, and

     -    to promote the success of the Company's business.

Options granted under the Plan may be Incentive Stock Options or
Nonstatutory Stock Options, as determined by the Administrator at the time of
grant. Stock Purchase Rights may also be granted under the Plan.

     2.   Definitions. As used herein, the following definitions shall apply:

          (a)  "Administrator" means the Board or any of its Committees as
shall be administering the Plan, in accordance with Section 4 of the Plan.

          (b)  "Applicable Laws" means the legal requirements relating to the
administration of stock option plans under state corporate and state securities
laws and the Code.

          (c)  "Board" means the Board of Directors of the Company.

          (d)  "Code" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

          (e)  "Committee" means a Committee appointed by the Board in
accordance with Section 4 of the Plan.

          (f)  "Common Stock" means the Common Stock of the Company, $.01 par
value per Share.

          (g)  "Company" means Integrated Process Equipment Corporation, a
Delaware corporation.

          (h)  "Consultant" means any person, including an advisor, engaged by
the Company or a Parent or Subsidiary to render services and who is compensated
for such services, and any Director of the Company whether compensated for such
services or not.

          (i)  "Continuous Status as an Employee or Consultant" means that the
employment or consulting relationship with the Company, any Parent, or
Subsidiary, is not interrupted or terminated. Continuous Status as an Employee
or Consultant shall not be considered interrupted in the case of

<PAGE>
(i) any leave of absence approved by the Company or (ii) transfers between
locations of the Company or between the Company, its Parent, any Subsidiary, or
any successor. A leave of absence approved by the Company shall include sick
leave, military leave, or any other personal leave approved by an authorized
representative of the Company. For purposes of Incentive Stock Options, no such
leave may exceed 90 days, unless reemployment upon expiration of such leave is
guaranteed by statute or contract. If reemployment upon expiration of a leave of
absence approved by the Company is not so guaranteed, on the 181st day of such
leave any Incentive Stock/Option held by the Optionee shall cease to be treated
as an Incentive Stock Option and shall be treated for tax purposes as a
Nonstatutory Stock Option.

          (j)  "Director" means a member of the Board.

          (k)  "Disability" means total and permanent disability as defined in
Section 22(e)(3) of the Code.

          (l)  "Employee" means any person, including Officers and Directors,
employed by the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary of the Company. Neither
service as a Director nor payment of a director's fee by the Company shall be
sufficient to constitute "employment" by the Company.

          (m)  "Exchange Act" means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended.

          (n)  "Fair Market Value" means, as of any date, the value of Common
Stock determined as follows:

               (i)   If the Common Stock is listed on any established stock
exchange or a national market system, including without limitation the Nasdaq
National Market of the National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc.
Automated Quotation ("NASDAQ") System, the Fair Market Value of a Share of
Common Stock shall be the closing sales price for such stock (or the closing
bid, if no sales were reported) as quoted on such system or exchange (or the
exchange with the greatest volume of trading in Common Stock) on the last
market trading day prior to the day of determination, as reported in The Wall
Street Journal or such other source as the Administrator deems reliable;

               (ii)  If the Common Stock is quoted on the NASDAQ System (but
not on the Nasdaq National Market thereof) or is regularly quoted by a
recognized securities dealer but selling prices are not reported, the Fair
Market Value of a Share of Common Stock shall be the mean between the high bid
and low asked prices for the Common Stock on the last market trading day prior
to the day of determination, as reported in The Wall Street Journal or such
other source as the Administrator deems reliable;

               (iii) In the absence of an established market for the Common
Stock, the Fair Market Value shall be determined in good faith by the
Administrator.


                                      -2-
<PAGE>
          (o)  "Incentive Stock Option" means an Option intended to qualify as
an incentive stock option within the meaning of Section 422 of the Code and the
regulations promulgated thereunder.

          (p)  "Nonstatutory Stock Option" means an Option not intended to
qualify as an Incentive Stock Option.

          (q)  "Notice of Grant" means a written notice evidencing certain
terms and conditions of an individual Option or Stock Purchase Right grant. The
Notice of Grant is part of the Option Agreement.

          (r)  "Officer" means a person who is an officer of the Company within
the meaning of Section 16 of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations
promulgated thereunder.

          (s)  "Option" means a stock option granted pursuant to the Plan.

          (t)  "Option Agreement" means a written agreement between the Company
and an Optionee evidencing the terms and conditions of an individual Option
grant. The Option Agreement is subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan.

          (u)  "Option Exchange Program" means a program whereby outstanding
options are surrendered in exchange for options with a lower exercise price.

          (v)  "Optioned Stock" means the Common Stock subject to an Option or
Stock Purchase Right.

          (w)  "Optionee" means an Employee or Consultant who holds an
outstanding Option or Stock Purchase Right.

          (x)  "Parent" means a "parent corporation", whether now or hereafter
existing, as defined in Section 424(e) of the Code.

          (y)  "Plan" means this 1992 Stock Option Plan.

          (z)  "Restricted Stock" means shares of Common Stock acquired
pursuant to a grant of Stock Purchase Rights under Section 11 below.

          (aa) "Restricted Stock Purchase Agreement" means a written agreement
between the Company and the Optionee evidencing the terms and restrictions
applying to stock purchased under a Stock Purchase Right. The Restricted Stock
Purchase Agreement is subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and the
Notice of Grant.

          (bb) "Rule 16b-3" means Rule 16b-3 of the Exchange Act or any
successor to Rule 16b-3, as in effect when discretion is being exercised with
respect to the Plan.


                                      -3-
<PAGE>
          (cc) "Section 16(b)" means Section 16(b) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended.

          (dd) "Share" means a share of the Common Stock, as adjusted in
accordance with Section 13 of the Plan.

          (ee) "Stock Purchase Right" means the right to purchase Common Stock
pursuant to Section 11 of the Plan, as evidenced by a Notice of Grant.

          (ff) "Subsidiary" means a "subsidiary corporation", whether now or
hereafter existing, as defined in Section 424(f) of the Code.

     3.   Stock Subject to the Plan. Subject to the provisions of Section 13 of
the Plan, the maximum aggregate number of Shares which may be optioned and sold
under the Plan is 4,050,000 Shares. The Shares may be authorized, but unissued,
or reacquired Common Stock.

          If an Option or Stock Purchase Right expires or becomes unexercisable
without having been exercised in full, or is surrendered pursuant to an Option
Exchange Program, the unpurchased Shares which were subject thereto shall
become available for future grant or sale under the Plan (unless the Plan has
terminated); provided, however, that Shares that have actually been issued
under the Plan, whether upon exercise of an Option or Right, shall not be
returned to the Plan and shall not become available for future distribution
under the Plan, except that if Shares of Restricted Stock are repurchased by
the Company at their original purchase price, and the original purchaser of
such Shares did not receive any benefits of ownership of such Shares, such
Shares shall become available for future grant under the Plan. For purposes of
the preceding sentence, voting rights shall not be considered a benefit of
Share ownership.

     4.   Administration of the Plan:

          (a)  Procedure.

               (i)   Multiple Administrative Bodies. The Plan may be
administered by different Committees with respect to different groups of
Optionees.

               (ii)  Section 162(m). To the extent that the Administrator
determines it to be desirable to qualify Options granted hereunder as
"performance-based compensation" within the meaning of Section 162(m) of the
Code, the Plan shall be administered by a Committee of two or more "outside
directors" within the meaning of Section 162(m) of the Code.

               (iii) Rule 16b-3. To the extent desirable to qualify
transactions hereunder as exempt under Rule 16b-3, the transactions
contemplated hereunder shall be structured to satisfy the requirements for
exemption under Rule 16b-3.


                                      -4-
<PAGE>
               (iv)   Other Administration. Other than as provided above, the
Plan shall be administered by (A) the Board or (B) a Committee, which committee
shall be constituted to satisfy Applicable Laws.

          (b)  Powers of the Administrator. Subject to the provisions of the
Plan, and in the case of a Committee, subject to the specific duties delegated
by the Board to such Committee, the Administrator shall have the authority, in
its discretion:

               (i)    to determine the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock, in
accordance with Section 2(n) of the Plan;

               (ii)   to select the Consultants and Employees to whom Options
and Stock Purchase Rights may be granted hereunder;

               (iii)  to determine whether and to what extent Options and Stock
Purchase Rights or any combination thereof, are granted hereunder;

               (iv)   to determine the number of shares of Common Stock to be
covered by each Option and Stock Purchase Right granted hereunder;

               (v)    to approve forms of agreement for use under the Plan,
which agreements need not be identical;

               (vi)   to determine the terms and conditions, not inconsistent
with the terms of the Plan, of any award granted hereunder. Such terms and
conditions include, but are not limited to, the exercise price, the time or
times when Options or Stock Purchase Rights may be exercised (which may be based
on performance criteria), any vesting acceleration or waiver of forfeiture
restrictions, and any restriction or limitation regarding any Option or Stock
Purchase Right or the shares of Common Stock relating thereto, based in each
case on such factors as the Administrator, in its sole discretion, shall
determine;

               (vii)  to reduce the exercise price of any Option or Stock
Purchase Right to the then current Fair Market Value if the Fair Market Value of
the Common Stock covered by such Option or Stock Purchase Right shall have
declined since the date the Option or Stock Purchase Right was granted;

               (viii) to construe and interpret the terms of the Plan and
awards granted pursuant to the Plan;

               (ix)   to prescribe, amend and rescind rules and regulations
relating to the Plan, including rules and regulations relating to sub-plans
established for the purpose of qualifying for preferred tax treatment under
foreign tax laws;


                                      -5-
<PAGE>
     (x)    to modify or amend each Option or Stock Purchase Right (subject to
Section 15(c) of the Plan), including the discretionary authority to extend the
post-termination ? period of Options longer than is otherwise provided for in
the Plan;

     (xi)   to authorize any person to execute on behalf of the Company any
instrument ? to effect the grant of an Option or Stock Purchase Right previously
granted by the administrator;

     (xii)  to institute an Option Exchange Program;

     (xiii) to determine the terms and restrictions applicable to Options and
Stock Purchase Rights and any Restricted Stock; and

     (xiv)  to make all other determinations deemed necessary or advisable for
administering the Plan.

   (c)    Effect of Administrator's Decision.  The Administrator's decisions,
determinations and interpretations shall be final and binding on all Optionees
and any other holders of Options or Stock Purchase Rights.

5. Eligibility.  Nonstatutory Stock Options and Stock Purchase Rights may be
granted to Employees and Consultants. Incentive Stock Options may be granted
only to Employees. If otherwise eligible, an Employee or Consultant who has been
granted an Option or Stock Purchase Right may be granted additional Options or
Stock Purchase Rights.

6. Limitations

   (a)    Each Option shall be designated in the written option agreement as
either an Incentive Stock Option or a Nonstatutory Stock Option. However,
notwithstanding such designation, to the extent that the aggregate Fair Market
Value of the Shares with respect to which Incentive Stock Options are
exercisable for the first time by the Optionee during any calendar year under
all plans of the Company and any Parent or Subsidiary) exceeds $100,000, such
Options shall be treated as Nonstatutory Stock Options. For purposes of this
Section 6(a), Incentive Stock Options shall be taken into account in the order
in which they were granted. The Fair Market Value of the Shares shall be
determined as of the time the Option with respect to such Shares is granted.

   (b)    Neither the Plan nor any Option or Stock Purchase Right shall confer
upon an Optionee any right with respect to continuing the Optionee's employment
or consulting relationship with the Company, nor shall they interfere in any way
with the Optionee's right or the Company's right to terminate such employment or
consulting relationship at any time, with or without cause.

   (c)    The following limitations shall apply to grants of Options and Stock
Purchase Rights to Employees:


                                      -6-

<PAGE>
  No Employee shall be granted, in any fiscal year of the Company, Options ?
Rights to purchase more than 1,000,000 Shares.

  In connection with his or her initial employment, an Employee may be ? Stock
Purchase Rights to purchase up to an additional 1,000,000 Shares which ? the
limit set forth in subsection (i) above.

  The foregoing limitations shall be adjusted proportionately in connection ?
Company's capitalization as described in Section 13.

  If an Option or Stock Purchase Right is cancelled in the same fiscal year of ?
it was granted (other than in connection with a transaction described in ?
Option or Stock Purchase Right will be counted against the limits set forth ?
(ii) above. For this purpose, if the exercise price of an Option or Stock ?, the
transaction will be treated as a cancellation of the Option or Stock ? grant of
a new Option or Stock Purchase Right.

? Plan. Subject to Section 19 of the Plan, the Plan shall become effective upon
? its adoption by the Board or its approval by the stockholders of the Company ?
of the Plan. It shall continue in effect for a term of ten (10) years unless ?
Section 15 of the Plan.

? Option.  The term of each Option shall be stated in the Notice of Grant; ?
that in the case of an Incentive Stock Option, the term shall be ten (10) years
? or such shorter term as may be provided in the Notice of Grant. Moreover, in ?
Stock Option granted to an Optionee who, at the time the Incentive Stock ? owns
stock representing more than ten percent (10%) of the voting power of all ? the
Company or any Parent or Subsidiary, the term of the Incentive Stock Option ?
from the date of grant or such shorter term as may be provided in the Notice of
?.

? Exercise Price and Consideration.

? Exercise Price.  The per share exercise price for the Shares to be issued
pursuant ? shall be determined by the Administrator, subject to the following:

?)  In the case of an Incentive Stock Option

     (A) granted to an Employee who, at the time the Incentive Stock Option is ?
representing more than ten percent (10%) of the voting power of all classes of ?
or any Parent or Subsidiary, the per Share exercise price shall be no less than
? Value per Share on the date of grant.


                                      -7-

<PAGE>
                    (B) granted to any Employee other than an Employee described
in paragraph (A) immediately above, the per Share exercise price shall be no
less than 100% of the Fair Market Value per Share on the date of grant.

               (ii) In the case of a Nonstatutory Stock Option, the per Share
exercise price shall be no less than 100% of the Fair Market Value per Share
on the date or grant.

          (b)  Waiting Period and Exercise Dates. At the time an Option is
granted, the Administrator shall fix the period within which the Option may be
exercised and shall determine any conditions which must be satisfied before the
Option may be exercised. In so doing, the Administrator may specify that an
Option may not be exercised until the completion of a service period.

          (c)  Form of Consideration. The Administrator shall determine the
acceptable form of consideration for exercising an Option, including the method
of payment. In the case of an Incentive Stock Option, the Administrator shall
determine the acceptable form of consideration at the time of grant. Such
consideration may consist entirely of:

               (i)  cash;

              (ii)  check;

             (iii)  promissory note;

              (iv)  other Shares which (A) in the case of Shares acquired upon
exercise of an option, have been owned by the Optionee for more than six months
on the date of surrender, and (B) have a Fair Market Value on the date of
surrender equal to the aggregate exercise price of the Shares as to which said
Option shall be exercised;

               (v)  delivery of a properly executed exercise notice together
with such other documentation as the Administrator and the broker, if
applicable, shall require to effect an exercise of the Option and delivery to
the Company of the sale or loan proceeds required to pay the exercise price;

              (vi)  a reduction in the amount of any Company liability to the
Optionee, including any liability attributable to the Optionee's participation
in any Company-sponsored deferred compensation program or arrangement;

             (vii)  any combination of the foregoing methods of payment; or

            (viii)  such other consideration and method of payment for the
issuance of Shares to the extent permitted by Applicable Laws.

     10.  Exercise of Option.

                                      -8-


<PAGE>


     (a)  Procedure for Exercise; Rights as a Stockholder. Any option granted
hereunder shall be exercisable according to the terms of the Plan and at such
times and under such conditions as determined by the Administrator and set
forth in the Option Agreement.

          An Option may not be exercised for a fraction of a Share.

          An Option shall be deemed exercised when the Company receives:
(i) written notice of exercise (in accordance with the Option Agreement) from
the person entitled to exercise the Option, and (ii) full payment for the Shares
with respect to which the Option is exercised. Full payment may consist of any
consideration and method of payment authorized by the Administrator and
permitted by the Option Agreement and the Plan. Shares issued upon exercise of
an Option shall be issued in the name of the Optionee or, if requested by the
Optionee, in the name of the Optionee and his or her spouse. Until the stock
certificate evidencing such Shares is issued (as evidenced by the appropriate
entry on the books of the Company or of a duly authorized transfer agent of the
Company), no right to vote or receive dividends or any other rights as a
stockholder shall exist with respect to the Optioned Stock, notwithstanding the
exercise of the Option. The Company shall issue (or cause to be issued) such
stock certificate promptly after the Option is exercised. No adjustment will be
made for a dividend or other right for which the record date is prior to the
date the stock certificate is issued, except as provided in Section 13 of the
Plan.

          Exercising an Option in any manner shall decrease the number of
Shares thereafter available, both for purposes of the Plan and for sale under
the Option, by the number of Shares as to which the Option is exercised.

     (b)  Termination of Employment or Consulting Relationship. Upon
termination of an Optionee's Continuous Status as an Employee or Consultant,
other than upon the Optionee's death or Disability, the Optionee may exercise
his or her Option, but only within such period of time as is specified in the
Notice of Grant, and only to the extent that the Optionee was entitled to
exercise it at the date of termination (but in no event later than the
expiration of the term of such Option as set forth in the Notice of Grant). In
the absence of a specified time in the Notice of Grant, the Option shall remain
exercisable for three (3) months following the Optionee's termination. In the
case of an Incentive Stock Option, such period of time for exercise shall not
exceed three (3) months from the date of termination. If, on the date of
termination, the Optionee is not entitled to exercise the Optionee's entire
Option, the Shares covered by the unexercisable portion of the Option shall
revert to the Plan. If, after termination, the Optionee does not exercise his
or her Option within the time specified by the Administrator, the Option shall
terminate, and the Shares covered by such Option shall revert to the Plan.

     Notwithstanding the above, in the event of an Optionee's change in status
from Consultant to Employee or Employee to Consultant, an Optionee's Continuous
Status as an Employee or Consultant shall not automatically terminate solely as
a result of such change in status. However, in such event, an Incentive Stock
Option held by the Optionee shall cease to be treated as an Incentive Stock
Option and shall be treated for tax purposes as a Nonstatutory Stock Option
three months and one day following such change of status.


                                      -9-






<PAGE>
          (c) Disability of Optionee. In the event that an Optionee's Continuous
Status as an Employee or Consultant terminates as a result of the Optionee's
Disability, the Optionee may exercise his or her Option at any time within
twelve (12) months from the date of such termination (but in no event later than
the expiration of the term of such Option as set forth in the Notice of Grant),
as to all of the Optioned Stock, including Shares as to which the Option would
not otherwise be exercisable. If, after termination, the Optionee does not
exercise his or her Option within the time specified herein, the Option shall
terminate, and the Shares covered by the Option shall revert to the Plan.

          (d) Death of Optionee. In the event of the death of an Optionee, the
Option may be exercised at any time within twelve (12) months following the date
of death (but in no event later than the expiration of the term of such Option
as set forth in the Notice of Grant), by the Optionee's estate or by a person
who acquired the right to exercise the Option by bequest or inheritance, as to
all of the Optioned Stock, including Shares as to which the Option would not
otherwise be exercisable. If, after death, the Optionee's estate or a person who
acquired the right to exercise the Option by bequest or inheritance does not
exercise the Option within the time specified herein, the Option shall
terminate, and the Shares covered by such Option shall revert to the Plan.

     11.  Stock Purchase Rights.

          (a) Rights to Purchase. Stock Purchase Rights may be issued either
alone, in addition to, or in tandem with other awards granted under the Plan
and/or cash awards made outside of the Plan. After the Administrator determines
that it will offer Stock Purchase Rights under the Plan, it shall advise the
offeree in writing, by means of a Notice of Grant, of the terms, conditions and
restrictions related to the offer, including the number of Shares that the
offeree shall be entitled to purchase, the price to be paid, and the time within
which the offeree must accept such offer, which shall in no event exceed six (6)
months from the date upon which the Administrator made the determination to
grant the Stock Purchase Right. The offer shall be accepted by execution of a
Restricted Stock Purchase Agreement in the form determined by the Administrator.

          (b) Repurchase Option. Unless the Administrator determines otherwise,
the Restricted Stock Purchase Agreement shall grant the Company a repurchase
option exercisable upon the voluntary or involuntary termination of the
purchaser's employment with the Company for any reason (including death or
Disability). The purchase price for Shares repurchased pursuant to the
Restricted Stock purchase agreement shall be the original price paid by the
purchaser and may be paid by cancellation of any indebtedness of the purchaser
to the Company. The repurchase option shall lapse at a rate determined by the
Administrator.

          (c) Other Provisions. The Restricted Stock Purchase Agreement shall
contain such other terms, provisions and conditions not inconsistent with the
Plan as may be determined by the Administrator in its sole discretion. In
addition, the provisions of Restricted Stock Purchase Agreements need not be the
same with respect to each purchaser.

          (d) Rights as a Stockholder. Once the Stock Purchase Right is
exercised, the purchaser shall have the rights equivalent to those of a
stockholder, and shall be a stockholder when

                                      -10-
<PAGE>
his or her purchase is entered upon the records of the duly authorized transfer
agent of the Company. No adjustment will be made for a dividend or other right
for which the record date is prior to the date the Stock Purchase Right is
exercised, except as provided in Section 13 of the Plan.

     12.  Non-Transferability of Options and Stock Purchase Rights. Unless
determined otherwise by the Administrator, an Option or Stock Purchase Right may
not be sold, pledged, assigned, hypothecated, transferred, or disposed of in any
manner other than by will or by the laws of descent or distribution and may be
exercised, during the lifetime of the Optionee, only by the Optionee. If the
Administrator makes an Option or Stock Purchase Right transferable, such Option
or Stock Purchase Right shall contain such additional terms and conditions as
the Administrator deems appropriate.

     13.  Adjustments Upon Changes in Capitalization, Dissolution, Merger or
Asset Sale.

          (a)  Changes in Capitalization. Subject to any required action by the
stockholders of the Company, the number of shares of Common Stock covered by
each outstanding Option and Stock Purchase Right, and the number of shares of
Common Stock which have been authorized for issuance under the Plan but as to
which no Options or Stock Purchase Rights have yet been granted or which have
been returned to the Plan upon cancellation or expiration of an Option or Stock
Purchase Right, as well as the price per share of Common Stock covered by each
such outstanding Option or Stock Purchase Right, shall be proportionately
adjusted for any increase or decrease in the number of issued shares of Common
Stock resulting from a stock split, reverse stock split, stock dividend,
combination or reclassification of the Common Stock, or any other increase or
decrease in the number of issued shares of Common stock effected without receipt
of consideration by the Company; provided, however, that conversion of any
convertible securities of the Company shall not be deemed to have been "effected
without receipt of consideration." Such adjustment shall be made by the Board,
whose determination in that respect shall be final, binding and conclusive.
Except as expressly provided herein, no issuance by the Company of shares of
stock of any class, or securities convertible into shares of stock of any class,
shall affect, and no adjustment by reason thereof shall be made with respect to,
the number or price of shares of Common Stock subject to an Option or Stock
Purchase Right.

          (b)  Dissolution or Liquidation. In the event of the proposed
dissolution or liquidation of the Company, to the extent that an Option or
Stock Purchase Right has not been previously exercised, it will terminate
immediately prior to the consummation of such proposed action. The Board may,
in the exercise of its sole discretion in such instances, declare that any
Option or Stock Purchase Right shall terminate as of a date fixed by the Board
and give each Optionee the right to exercise his or her Option or Stock
Purchase Right as to all or any part of the Optioned Stock, including Shares as
to which the Option or Stock Purchase Right would not otherwise be exercisable.

          (c)  Merger or Asset Sale. In the event of a merger of the Company
with or into another corporation, or the sale of substantially all of the
assets of the Company, each outstanding Option and Stock Purchase Right shall
be assumed or an equivalent option or right substituted by the successor
corporation or a Parent or Subsidiary of the successor corporation. In the
event that the successor corporation refuses to assume or substitute for the
Option or Stock Purchase Right, the

                                      -11-



<PAGE>
Optionee shall have the right to exercise the Option or Stock Purchase Right as
to all of the Optioned Stock, including Shares as to which it would not
otherwise be exercisable. If an Option or Stock Purchase Right is exercisable in
lieu of assumption or substitution in the event of a merger or sale of assets,
the Administrator shall notify the Optionee that the Option or Stock Purchase
Right shall be fully exercisable for a period of fifteen (15) days from the date
of such notice, and the Option or Stock Purchase Right shall terminate upon the
expiration of such period. For the purposes of this paragraph, the Option or
Stock Purchase Right shall be considered assumed if, following the merger or
sale of assets, the option or right confers the right to purchase or receive,
for each Share of Optioned Stock subject to the Option or Stock Purchase Right
immediately prior to the merger or sale of assets, the consideration (whether
stock, cash, or other securities or property) received in the merger or sale of
assets by holders of Common Stock for each Share held on the effective date of
the transaction (and if holders were offered a choice of consideration, the type
of consideration chosen by the holders of a majority of the outstanding Shares);
provided, however, that if such consideration received in the merger or sale of
assets was not solely common stock of the successor corporation or its Parent,
the Administrator may, with the consent of the successor corporation, provide
for the consideration to be received upon the exercise of the Option or Stock
Purchase Right, for each Share of Optioned Stock subject to the Option or Stock
Purchase Right, to be solely common stock of the successor corporation or its
Parent equal in fair market value to the per share consideration received by
holders of Common Stock in the merger or sale of assets.

     14.  Date of Grant. The date of grant of an Option or Stock Purchase Right
shall be, for all purposes, the date on which the Administrator makes the
determination granting such Option or Stock Purchase Right, or such other later
date as is determined by the Administrator. Notice of the determination shall
be provided to each Optionee within a reasonable time after the date of such
grant.

     15.  Amendment and Termination of the Plan.

          (a)  Amendment and Termination. The Board may at any time amend,
alter, suspend or terminate the Plan.

          (b)  Stockholder Approval. The Company shall obtain stockholder
approval of any Plan amendment to the extent necessary and desirable to comply
with Rule 16b-3 or with Section 422 of the Code (or any successor rule or
statute or other applicable law, rule or regulation, including the requirements
of any exchange or quotation system on which the Common Stock is listed or
quoted). Such stockholder approval, if required, shall be obtained in such a
manner and to such a degree as is required by the applicable law, rule or
regulation.

          (c)  Effect of Amendment or Termination. No amendment, alteration,
suspension or termination of the Plan shall impair the rights of any Optionee,
unless mutually agreed otherwise between the Optionee and the Administrator,
which agreement must be in writing and signed by the Optionee and the Company.


                                      -12-
<PAGE>
     16.  Conditions Upon Issuance of Shares.

          (a)  Legal Compliance. Shares shall not be issued pursuant to the
exercise of an Option of Stock Purchase Right unless the exercise of such Option
or Stock Purchase Right and the issuance and delivery of such Shares shall
comply with all relevant provisions of law, including, without limitation, the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended, the Exchange Act, the rules and regulations
promulgated thereunder, Applicable Laws, and the requirements of any stock
exchange or quotation system upon which the Shares may then be listed or quoted,
and shall be further subject to the approval of counsel for the Company with
respect to such compliance.

          (b)  Investment Representations. As a condition to the exercise of an
Option or Stock Purchase Right, the Company may require the person exercising
such Option or Stock Purchase Right to represent and warrant at the time of any
such exercise that the Shares are being purchased only for investment and
without any present intention to sell or distribute such Shares if, in the
opinion of counsel for the Company, such a representation is required.

     17.  Liability of Company.

          (a)  Inability to Obtain Authority. The inability of the Company to
obtain authority from any regulatory body having jurisdiction, which authority
is deemed by the Company's counsel to be necessary to the lawful issuance and
sale of any Shares hereunder, shall relieve the Company of any liability in
respect of the failure to issue or sell such Shares as to which such requisite
authority shall not have been obtained.

          (b)  Grants Exceeding Allotted Shares. If the Optioned Stock covered
by an Option or Stock Purchase Right exceeds, as of the date of grant, the
number of Shares which may be issued under the Plan without additional
stockholder approval, such Option or Stock Purchase Right shall be void with
respect to such excess Optioned Stock, unless stockholder approval of an
amendment sufficiently increasing the number of Shares subject to the Plan is
timely obtained in accordance with Section 15(b) of the Plan.

     18.  Reservation of Shares. The Company, during the term of this Plan, will
at all times reserve and keep available such number of Shares as shall be
sufficient to satisfy the requirements of the Plan.

     19.  Stockholder Approval. Continuance of the Plan shall be subject to
approval by the stockholders of the Company within twelve (12) months before or
after the date the Plan is adopted. Such stockholder approval shall be obtained
in the manner and to the degree required under applicable federal and state law.

                                      -13-

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
