<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex102pn.txt
<DESCRIPTION>PROMISSORY NOTE-WEST LANE
<TEXT>
<PAGE> 1
Exhibit 10.2
$750,000.00(U.S.)                                      Dated: March 3, 2003

                               PROMISSORY NOTE
                                 (Secured)

     FOR VALUE RECEIVED, West Lane Group, Inc., a New York corporation
("Maker"), and promises to pay to Cordia Corporation, a Nevada corporation
("Holder"), or order, seven hundred fifty thousand dollars ($750,000.00).

                                  Premises

     This Note relates to the Agreement and Plan of Reorganization and
Corporate Separation dated March 3, 2003, by and between Maker and Holder.

                                    Note

     1.     Payments.  The principal on the obligation represented hereby
shall be repaid in full on or before Two years from the date of this Note;

     2.     Interest.  The obligation shall bear simple interest at the rate
of six percent (6%) per annum.  Interest payment shall be made quarterly
beginning March 31, 2003, and payable thereafter every three months with the
payment due within fifteen days of the end of each quarterly period.

     3.     Type and place of Payments.  Payment of principal and interest
shall be made in lawful money of the United States of America to the above
named Holder at its offices in 54 Danbury Road #370, Ridgefield, Connecticut
06877, or order.

     4.     Prepayment.  Advance payment or payments may be made on the
principal and interest, without penalty or forfeiture.  There shall be no
penalty for any prepayment.

     5.     Default.  Upon the occurrence or during the continuance of any one
or more of the events hereinafter enumerated, Holder or the holder of this
Note may forthwith or at any time thereafter during the continuance of any
such event, by notice in writing to the Maker, declare the unpaid balance of
the principal and interest on the Note to be immediately due and payable, and
the principal and interest shall become and shall be immediately due and
payable without presentation, demand, protest, notice of protest, or other
notice of dishonor, all of which are hereby expressly waived by Maker, such
events being as follows:

     (a)     Default in the payment of the principal and interest of this Note
or any portion thereof when the same shall become due and payable, whether at
maturity as herein expressed, by acceleration, or otherwise, unless cured
within five (5) days after notice thereof by Holder or the holder of such Note
to Maker;

     (b)     Maker shall file a voluntary petition in bankruptcy or a
voluntary petition seeking reorganization, or shall file an answer admitting
the jurisdiction of the court and any material allegations of an involuntary
petition filed pursuant to any act of Congress relating to bankruptcy or to
any act purporting to be amendatory thereof, or shall be adjudicated bankrupt,
or shall make an assignment for the benefit of creditors, or shall apply for
or consent to the appointment of any receiver or trustee for Maker, or of all
or any substantial portion of its property, or Maker shall make an assignment
to any agent authorized to liquidate any substantial part of its assets; or

     (c)     An order shall be entered pursuant to any act of Congress
relating to bankruptcy or to any act purporting to be amendatory thereof
approving an involuntary petition seeking reorganization of the Maker, or an
order of any court shall be entered appointing any receiver or trustee of or
for Maker, or any receiver or trustee of all or any substantial portion of the
property of Maker, or a writ or warrant of attachment or any similar process
shall be issued by any court against all or any substantial portion of the
property of Maker, and such order approving a petition seeking reorganization
or appointing a receiver or trustee is not vacated or stayed, or such writ,
warrant of attachment, or similar process is not released  or bonded within 60
days after its entry or levy.

     6.     Attorneys' Fees.  If this Note is placed with an attorney for
collection, or if suit is instituted for collection, herein, then in such
event, the undersigned agrees to pay reasonable attorneys' fees, costs, and
other expenses incurred by holder in so doing.

     7.     Construction.  This Note shall be governed by and construed in
accordance with the laws of the state of New York.

     8.     Security.  This Note shall be secured by seven hundred thousand
(700,000) shares of Cordia Corporation's common stock owned by Maker.  The
proceeds from the sale of the shares securing this Note shall be applied first
to the payment of the Note, after deducting reasonable sales expenses.


                              West Lane Group, Inc.



                              By:   /s/
                                 ---------------------------
                                   A Duly Authorized Officer

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
