<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.67
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>exh10-67.txt
<DESCRIPTION>SECOND ADDENDUM TO EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT
<TEXT>

                                                                Exhibit 10.67


                              SECOND ADDENDUM TO
                        EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT


      This Second Addendum to Executive Employment Agreement (the "Addendum")
 is made this 24th day of October  2002, by and between First Cash  Financial
 Services, Inc. (the "Company"), a Delaware  corporation, and Rick L.  Wessel
 (the  "Executive").     The  Company  and   Executive  may  be   hereinafter
 collectively referred to as the "Parties."


 RECITALS

 A.   Executive is employed by the Company pursuant to an Executive
      Employment Agreement dated as of September 30, 2000 (the "Original
      Agreement"), as amended by the First Addendum to Executive Employment
      Agreement dated March 21, 2002.

 B.   The Parties jointly wish to make additions to the Original Agreement.

 C.   The additions to the Original Agreement are set forth in this Addendum.


                                  AGREEMENT:

      NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the promises, terms, covenants and
 conditions set forth herein and in the Original Agreement, and for other
 good and valuable consideration, the receipt of which is undisputed and
 hereby acknowledged, the Parties agree as follows:

      1.   Extension of Term.  Executive  has met the stipulated  performance
 criteria established by the  Board.  Accordingly,  pursuant to the  Original
 Agreement, Executive's term of Employment has been extended through December
 31, 2007.

      2.   Base Salary.   As  a result  of Executive  meeting the  stipulated
 performance criteria  established by  the Board  for 2001,  the  Executive's
 annual base salary was increased to $350,000 for the period from January  1,
 2002 until December 31, 2002.   Again as a  result of Executive meeting  the
 stipulated performance criteria for 2002, the Executive's annual base salary
 for the period from January 1, 2003 until December 31, 2003 was increased to
 $450,000.  During the remaining term of Executive's employment,  Executive's
 annual base salary shall not be decreased, but shall be adjusted annually in
 each December at  a rate  of no less  than 10%  of the  current year's  base
 salary.  In addition, the compensation committee of the Board may  determine
 such other  adjustments  as may  be  appropriate based  on  the  Executive's
 performance during the  most recent performance  period, in accordance  with
 the Company's compensation policies.

      3.    Interpretation.

 a.   No Other Additions.  Sections 1  and 2 of this Addendum constitute  the
 only additions to  the Original Agreement,  all other  terms and  conditions
 therein shall remain unaltered.

 b.   Definitions.   All  capitalized terms  used  herein and  not  otherwise
 defined shall  have  the same  meaning  assigned  to them  in  the  Original
 Agreement.

 c.   Severability.   Should  any one  or  more  of the  provisions  of  this
 Addendum be determined to be illegal or unenforceable, all other  provisions
 of this Addendum  shall be  given effect  separately from  the provision  or
 provisions determined  to  be illegal  or  unenforceable and  shall  not  be
 effected thereby.

 d.   Choice of Law.   This Addendum shall be  governed by, and construed  in
 accordance with, the laws of the State of Texas.

 f.   Headings.  The  headings of sections  and paragraphs  of this  Addendum
 have been inserted for convenience of reference only and do not constitute a
 part of this Addendum.

 g.   Counterparts.  This Addendum may  be executed in multiple  counterparts
 with the same effect as if  all parties had signed  the same document.   All
 such counterparts shall be deemed an  original, shall be construed  together
 and shall constitute one and the same instrument.

 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Addendum to be  duly
 executed and delivered as of the day first above written.

 FIRST CASH FINANCIAL SERVICES, INC.

 By:/s/PHILLIP E. POWELL
    ----------------------
    Phillip E. Powell
    Chief Executive Officer




 EXECUTIVE

 /s/RICK L. WESSEL
 -----------------
 Rick L. Wessel


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
