<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.12
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>d04364aexv10w12.txt
<DESCRIPTION>NON-QUALIFIED STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                  EXHIBIT 10.12

                      NON-QUALIFIED STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT

         THIS NON-QUALIFIED STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT ("Agreement") is entered into
as of December 2, 2002, by and between Advantage Marketing Systems, an Oklahoma
corporation ("Corporation"), and David D'Arcangelo ("Optionee").

         WHEREAS, Optionee is a key management employee of the Corporation, and
it is important to the Corporation that Optionee be encouraged to remain in the
employ of the Corporation; and

         WHEREAS, in recognition of such facts, the Corporation desires to
provide to Optionee an opportunity to purchase shares of the common stock of the
Corporation, as hereinafter provided, pursuant to the "Advantage Marketing
Systems, Inc. 1995 Stock Option Plan" (the "Plan"), a copy of which has been
provided to Optionee.

         NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants hereinafter
set forth and for good and valuable consideration, Optionee and the Corporation
hereby agree as follows:

                                   A G R E E M E N T

         1.  CERTAIN DEFINITIONS. Unless otherwise defined herein, or the
             context otherwise clearly requires, terms with initial capital
             letters used herein shall have the meanings assigned to such terms
             in the Plan.

         2.  GRANT OF OPTIONS. The Corporation hereby grants to Optionee,
             non-qualified options ("Options") to purchase all or any part of
             Two Hundred Thousand (200,000) shares of Stock, upon the terms and
             conditions set forth herein.

         3.  OPTION PERIOD. The Options shall vest and first become exercisable
             immediately (subject to the provisions of Section 7)

             All Options shall expire on the date five years after the date of
         grant, unless earlier terminated pursuant to Section 7.

         4.  METHOD OF EXERCISE. The Options shall be exercisable by Optionee by
             giving written notice to the Chief Financial Officer of the
             Corporation of the election to purchase and of the number of shares
             of Stock Optionee elects to purchase, such notice to be accompanied
             by such other executed instruments or documents as may be required
             by the Committee pursuant to this Agreement, and unless otherwise
             directed by the Committee, Optionee shall at the time of such
             exercise tender the purchase price of the shares of Stock he has
             elected to purchase. The Optionee may purchase less than the total
             number of shares of Stock for which the Option is exercisable,
             provided that a partial exercise of an Option may not be for less
             than One Hundred (100) shares of Stock. If Optionee shall not
             purchase all of the shares of Stock which he is entitled to
             purchase under the Options, his right to purchase the remaining
             vested and unpurchased shares of Stock shall continue until
             expiration of the Options. The Options shall be exercisable with
             respect to whole shares of Stock only, and fractional interests
             shall be disregarded.

         5.  AMOUNT OF PURCHASE PRICE. The purchase price per share of Stock for
             which Optionee is entitled to purchase under the Options shall be
             $1.40 per share of Stock.

                                       1

<PAGE>

         6.  PAYMENT OF PURCHASE PRICE. At the time of Optionee's notice of
             exercise of the Options, Optionee shall tender by check payable to
             the Corporation, or by assignment of Stock to the Corporation, the
             purchase price for all shares of Stock then being purchased. No
             loan or advance shall be made by the Corporation for the purpose of
             financing, in whole or in part, the purchase of Stock. In the event
             that Stock is utilized as consideration for the purchase of Stock
             upon the exercise of the Options, then, such Stock shall be valued
             at the "Fair Market Value" as defined in the Plan.

             In addition to the foregoing procedure which may be available for
         the exercise of the Options, Optionee may deliver to the Corporation a
         notice of exercise including an irrevocable instruction to the
         Corporation to deliver the stock certificate issued in the name of
         Optionee representing the shares subject to the Option to a broker
         authorized to trade in the Stock of the Corporation. Upon receipt of
         such notice, the Corporation will acknowledge receipt of the executed
         notice of exercise and forward this notice to the broker. Upon receipt
         of a copy of the notice which has been acknowledged by the Corporation,
         and without waiting for issuance of the actual stock certificate with
         respect to the exercise of the Options, the broker may sell the Stock
         or any portion thereof. Upon receipt of the notice of exercise from the
         Corporation, the broker will deliver directly to the Corporation a
         portion of the sales proceeds to cover the purchase price for the Stock
         issued upon exercise of the Option, and any withholding or transfer
         taxes. Upon receipt of such sales proceeds and withholding or transfer
         taxes, the Corporation will issue a stock certificate representing the
         shares of Stock sold by the broker. For all purposes effecting the
         exercise of the Options, the date on which Optionee gives a notice of
         exercise to the Corporation will be the date Optionee becomes bound
         contractually to take and pay for the shares of Stock underlying the
         Options.

         7.  EFFECT OF TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT OR OTHER RELATIONSHIP. The
             Option is exercisable only by the Optionee while he is actively
             employed as an employee, an independent contractor or a consultant
             of the Corporation or a subsidiary, except that:

             -   the Option, if otherwise exercisable, may be exercised by the
                 personal representative of a deceased Optionee within twelve
                 months after the death of such Optionee (but not beyond the
                 term of the Option);

             -   if the Optionee terminates his employment as an employee, his
                 independent contractor arrangement or consulting arrangement
                 with the Corporation or a subsidiary on account of Retirement,
                 the Optionee may exercise that portion of the Option which is
                 otherwise exercisable at any time within three months of such
                 date of termination;

             -   if the Optionee terminates his employment as an employee, his
                 independent contractor arrangement or consulting arrangement
                 with the Corporation or a subsidiary on account of incurring a
                 Disability, the Optionee may exercise that portion of the
                 Option which is otherwise exercisable at any time within twelve
                 months of such date of termination; and

             -   if the Optionee should die during the applicable three-month or
                 twelve-month period following the date of the Optionee's
                 Retirement or termination on account of Disability, the rights
                 of the personal representative of the Optionee as such relate
                 to the Option granted to the deceased Optionee shall be
                 governed in accordance with the first bullet point above.

         8.  NON-TRANSFERABILITY OF OPTIONS. The Options shall not be
             transferable, either voluntarily or by operation of law, otherwise
             than by will or the laws of descent and distribution and shall be
             exercisable during the Optionee's lifetime only by Optionee.

         9.  NO RIGHTS TO CONTINUED EMPLOYMENT OR RELATIONSHIP. Optionee
             acknowledges that his employment relationship with the Corporation
             is on an "at-will" basis. Nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed
             to alter the "at-will" character of Optionee's relationship with
             the Corporation. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall
             otherwise obligate the Corporation to employ or have another
             relationship with Optionee for any period or interfere

                                       2

<PAGE>

             in any way with the right of the Corporation to reduce Optionee's
             compensation or to terminate the employment of or relationship with
             Optionee at any time.

         10. TIME OF GRANTING OPTIONS. The time the Options shall be deemed
             granted, sometimes referred to herein as the "date of grant," shall
             be December 2, 2002.

         11. PRIVILEGES OF STOCK OWNERSHIP. Optionee shall not be entitled to
             the privileges of stock ownership as to any Shares not actually
             issued and delivered to Optionee. No Shares shall be purchased upon
             the exercise of any Options unless and until, in the opinion of the
             Corporation's counsel, any then applicable requirements of any
             laws, or governmental or regulatory agencies having jurisdiction,
             and of any exchanges upon which the Stock of the Corporation may be
             listed, shall have been fully complied with.

         12. INTENDED TREATMENT AS NON-QUALIFIED STOCK OPTIONS. The Options
             granted herein are intended to be non-qualified stock options
             described in U.S. Treasury Regulation ("Treas. Reg.") Section
             1.83-7 to which Sections 421 and 422 of the Code do not apply, and
             shall be construed to implement that intent. If all or any part of
             the Options shall not be described in Treas. Reg. Section 1.83-7 or
             be subject to Sections 421 and 422 of the Code, the Options shall
             nevertheless be valid and carried into effect.

         13. PLAN CONTROLS. The Options shall be subject to and governed by the
             provisions of the Plan. All determinations and interpretations of
             the Plan made by the Committee shall be final and conclusive. In
             the event of any inconsistencies between the Plan and this
             Agreement, the Plan shall prevail.

         14. SHARES SUBJECT TO LEGEND. If deemed necessary by the Corporation's
             counsel, all certificates issued to represent shares of Stock
             purchased upon exercise of the Options shall bear such appropriate
             legend conditions as counsel for the Corporation shall require.

         15. COMPLIANCE WITH APPLICABLE LAWS. The Corporation's obligation to
             issue shares of its Stock upon exercise of the options is expressly
             conditioned upon the completion by the Corporation of any
             registration or other qualification of such shares under any state
             and/or Federal law or rulings or regulations of any governmental
             regulatory body, or the making of such investment representations
             or other representations and undertakings by the Optionee or any
             person entitled to exercise the Option in order to comply with the
             requirements of any exemption from any such registration or other
             qualification of such shares which the Committee shall, in its sole
             discretion, deem necessary or advisable. Such required
             representations and undertakings may include representations and
             agreements that the Optionee or any person entitled to exercise the
             option (i) is not purchasing such shares for distribution and (ii)
             agrees to have placed upon the face and reverse of any certificates
             a legend setting forth any representations and undertakings which
             have been given to the Committee or a reference thereto.

         16. MISCELLANEOUS.

             16.1   Binding Effect. This Agreement shall bind and inure to the
             benefit of the successors, assigns, transferees, agents, personal
             representatives, heirs and legatees of the respective parties.

             16.2   Further Acts. Each party agrees to perform any further acts
             and execute and deliver any documents which may be necessary to
             carry out the provisions of this Agreement.

             16.3   Amendment. This Agreement may be amended at any time by the
             written agreement of the Corporation and the Optionee.

                                       3

<PAGE>

             16.4   Syntax. Throughout this Agreement, whenever the context so
             requires, the singular shall include the plural, and the masculine
             gender shall include the feminine and neuter genders. The headings
             and captions of the various Sections hereof are for convenience
             only and they shall not limit, expand or otherwise affect the
             construction or interpretation of this Agreement.

             16.5   Choice of Law. The parties hereby agree that this Agreement
             has been executed and delivered in the State of Oklahoma and shall
             be construed, enforced and governed by the laws thereof. This
             Agreement is in all respects intended by each party hereto to be
             deemed and construed to have been jointly prepared by the parties
             and the parties hereby expressly agree that any uncertainty or
             ambiguity existing herein shall not be interpreted against either
             of them.

             16.6   Severability. In the event that any provision of this
             Agreement shall be held invalid or unenforceable, such provision
             shall be severable from, and such invalidity or unenforceability
             shall not be construed to have any effect on, the remaining
             provisions of this Agreement.

             16.7   Notices. All notices and demands between the parties hereto
             shall be in writing and shall be served either by registered or
             certified mail, and such notices or demands shall be deemed given
             and made seventy-two (72) hours after the deposit thereof in the
             United States mail, postage prepaid, addressed to the party to whom
             such notice or demand is to be given or made, and the issuance of
             the registered receipt therefor. If served by telegraph, such
             notice or demand shall be deemed given and made at the time the
             telegraph agency shall confirm to the sender, delivery thereof to
             the addressee. All notices and demands to Optionee or the
             Corporation may be given to them at the following addresses:

                    If to Optionee:         David D'Arcangelo

                    If to Corporation:      Advantage Marketing Systems Inc.
                                            2601 N W Expressway suite 1210 W
                                            Oklahoma City    OK   73112
                                            Attn: Chief Financial Officer

Such parties may designate in writing from time to time such other place or
places that such notices and demands may be given.

             16.8   Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire
             agreement between the parties hereto pertaining to the subject
             matter hereof, this Agreement supersedes all prior and
             contemporaneous agreements and understandings of the parties, and
             there are no warranties, representations or other agreements
             between the parties in connection with the subject matter hereof
             except as set forth or referred to herein. No supplement,
             modification or waiver or termination of this Agreement shall be
             binding unless executed in writing by the party to be bound
             thereby. No waiver of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall
             constitute a waiver of any other provision hereof (whether or not
             similar) nor shall such waiver constitute a continuing waiver.

             16.9   Attorneys' Fees. In the event that any party to this
             Agreement institutes any action or proceeding, including, but not
             limited to, litigation or arbitration, to preserve, to protect or
             to enforce any right or benefit created by or granted under this
             Agreement, the prevailing party in each respective such action or
             proceeding shall be entitled, in addition to any and all other
             relief granted by a court or other tribunal or body, as may be
             appropriate, to an award in such action or proceeding of that sum
             of money which represents the attorneys' fees reasonably incurred
             by the prevailing party therein in filing or otherwise instituting
             and in prosecuting or otherwise pursuing or defending such action
             or proceeding, and, additionally, the attorneys' fees

                                       4

<PAGE>

             reasonably incurred by such prevailing party in negotiating any and
             all matters underlying such action or proceeding and in preparation
             for instituting or defending such action or proceeding.

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have entered into this Agreement as of
the date first set forth above.

                                  "CORPORATION"

                                  ADVANTAGE MARKETING SYSTEMS, INC.
                                  an Oklahoma corporation

                                  By: /S/ JOHN W. HAIL
                                      ----------------
                                  John W Hail, C. E. O.

                                  "OPTIONEE"

                                  /S/ DAVID D'ARCANGELO
                                  ---------------------
                                  David D'Arcangelo

                                       5

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
