<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.16
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>l99106aexv10w16.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.16
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                      -52-


                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.16


                                SECOND AMENDMENT
                                    AGREEMENT

     AGREEMENT made as of this 27th day of November, 2002 by and between EVANS
NATIONAL BANK, with offices located at 14-16 North Main Street, Angola, New York
14006, hereinafter referred to as the "Bank", and WILLIAM R. GLASS, an employee
of the Bank, hereinafter referred to as the "Participant".

                                    RECITALS

     WHEREAS, the parties previously entered into a Supplemental Executive
Retirement Plan dated February 16, 1999 (the "SERP"); and

     WHEREAS, said Plan was amended by Agreement dated October 17, 2000, and

     WHEREAS, the parties now desire to again amend the SERP.

     NOW THEREFORE, the parties mutually agree as follows:



     2     Section 2.1 of Article II "BENEFIT" is hereby amended to read as
           follows:

               Section 2.1 Excess Benefit


                      A. The excess benefit has been determined to be the
                         amount of $42,516.00 per year (the "Excess Benefit")
                         payable for a term of twenty (20) years certain. Except
                         as otherwise provided in this Agreement, the Excess
                         Benefit shall be payable monthly under conditions
                         identical as to vesting, condition and terms of payment
                         to the benefit payable by the Evans National Bank
                         Pension Plan, as amended from time to time (the "Bank
                         Pension Plan") (except the benefit from this SERP will
                         not be paid in the form of a lump sum and the Excess
                         Benefit will not commence prior to the first day of the
                         month coincident with or next following the
                         Participant's 65th birthday).

                         Except as set forth in Section 2.1 (B) or Section
                       2.3 of the SERP, the Excess Benefit shall only be paid
                       to the Participant if the Participant's employment is
                       terminated on or after his 65th birthday.

                      B. In the event the Participant dies prior to attaining
                         sixty-five (65) years of age, the Excess Benefit will
                         be paid to the Participant's named beneficiary in the
                         amount of $42,516.00 per year, payable monthly for
                         twenty (20) consecutive years commencing thirty (30)
                         days after the Participant's date of death.

     3     Section 2.3 of Article II "BENEFIT" is hereby amended to read as
           follows:

               Section 2.3 Benefit on Termination Before Retirement at Age 65

               In the event the Participant's employment is terminated
               as a result of: (i) the Participant becoming "Totally
               and Permanently Disabled" as defined in the Bank Pension
               Plan; (ii) the Board of Directors of the Bank, in its
               absolute discretion, authorizes and approves the early
               retirement of the Participant; or (iii) the Bank
               voluntarily terminates the employment of the Participant
               other than "for cause", then the Excess Benefit to be
               paid to the Participant under this SERP shall be the
               Excess Benefit as set forth in Section 2.1 (A) of
               $42,516.00 multiplied by a fraction (1) the numerator of
               which is the actual number of months of service of the
               Participant in the Evans National Bank Pension Plan and
               (2) the denominator of which is the number of months of
               service in the Bank Pension Plan the Participant would
               have completed if the Participant had continued to be
               employed until his Normal Retirement Age (as defined in
               the Bank Pension Plan). The amount as so determined
               shall be payable monthly for a term of twenty (20) years
               certain. It will not be paid in a lump sum and the
               benefit will not commence prior to the first day of the
               month coincident with or next following the
               Participant's 65th birthday.

           The parties affirm all the terms and conditions of the Original
           Agreement and Amendment except for those terms specifically amended
           herein.




<PAGE>
                                      -53-


           IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have hereunto set their hands the
day and year first above written.


                                            EVANS NATIONAL BANK


                                            By:/s/Phillip Brothman
                                               -------------------------------
                                                    Phillip Brothman, Chairman



                                             PARTICIPANT


                                             By:/s/William R. Glass
                                                ------------------------------
                                                    William R. Glass




</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
