<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>15
<FILENAME>amd_no-2.txt
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDMENT NO. 2
<TEXT>

                                                                EXHIBIT 10.2


                                                            EXECUTION COPY


             AMENDMENT NO. 2 TO INVESTMENT AGREEMENT

     AMENDMENT  NO. 2 (this  "Amendment")  dated as of January  13,  2003 to the
Investment  Agreement  (as defined  below)  between  CRIIMI MAE INC., a Maryland
corporation (the "Company"),  and BRASCAN REAL ESTATE FINANCIAL INVESTMENTS LLC,
a Delaware limited liability company (the "Investor").


                          WITNESSETH:

     WHEREAS the Company and the Investor are parties to an Investment Agreement
dated  as of  November  14,  2002 (as  amended  by  Amendment  No. 1 dated as of
December 2, 2002, the  "Investment  Agreement";  capitalized  terms used but not
defined  herein  shall have the  meanings  ascribed  thereto  in the  Investment
Agreement); and

     WHEREAS  the  Company  and the  Investor  desire  to amend  the  Investment
Agreement.

     NOW,  THEREFORE,   in  consideration  of  the  premises,   representations,
warranties, covenants and agreements set forth herein, the parties hereto hereby
agree as follows:

     Section  1.  Amendment.  The  Investment  Agreement  is hereby  amended  as
follows:


     (a) The first sentence of Section 1.1 of the Investment Agreement is hereby
amended  by  deleting  the  reference  therein  to "10.0%"  and  replacing  such
reference  with  "8.0%".  Clause  (ii) of the second  sentence of Section 1.1 is
hereby  amended to read in its  entirety  as follows:  "(ii)  $11.50 (the "Stock
Purchase Price")".

     (b)  Section  1.5(f)  of the  Investment  Agreement  is hereby  amended  by
deleting the reference  therein to "the NYSE" and replacing  such reference with
"the New York Stock Exchange, Inc. (the "NYSE")".

     (c) Section 1.5 of the  Investment  Agreement is hereby amended by deleting
the last  word of  paragraph  (l)  thereof,  deleting  the  period at the end of
paragraph  (m) thereof and  replacing  it with "; and" and adding the  following
paragraph (n) thereto:

                  "(n) freely transferable warrants, initially registered in the
                  name of the Investor (or its designee), granting the holder
                  thereof the right to purchase, at any time prior to the
                  seventh anniversary of the Closing, up to 336,835 shares of
                  Common Stock from the Company at a per share purchase price of
                  $11.50 with customary anti-dilution provisions (with respect
                  to stock splits, reverse stock splits, combinations, mergers
                  and similar events, but not with respect to equity issuances
                  by the Company) and other provisions to be negotiated by the
                  parties as promptly as practicable after the Closing (the
                  "Warrants"); provided, however, that in the event of an Escrow
                  Closing (as defined in Section 1.7(a)), such Warrants shall be
                  delivered to the Investor concurrently with the delivery of

<PAGE>

                  the Purchased Stock to the Investor at the time provided in
                  the Escrow Agreement (as defined in Section 1.7(a))."

     (d)  Section  1.7(a)  of the  Investment  Agreement  is hereby  amended  by
deleting the word "shall" from the first sentence  thereof and replacing it with
"may".

     (e) Section 5.1 of the Investment Agreement is hereby amended by adding the
following sentence to the last paragraph thereof:

                  "For all purposes of this Section 5.1, the beneficial owner of
                  any outstanding Warrants shall be deemed to beneficially own
                  all shares of Common Stock that may be purchased upon the
                  exercise of such Warrants."

     (f) Section 5.2 of the  Investment  Agreement is hereby amended by deleting
the reference therein to "$375,000" and replacing it with "$434,000".

     Section  2.  Acknowledgment.   Notwithstanding   anything  to  the  contary
contained in Schedule 2.2(d) to the Company Letter, the parties acknowledge that
on the date of the Escrow  Closing,  after giving  effect to the issuance of the
Purchased  Stock  and  exercise  of the  Warrants,  the  number  of  issued  and
outstanding shares of Common Stock of the Company will be 15,494,520.

     Section 3. Reference to and Effect in the Investment Agreement.

     (a) Upon the date hereof,  each  reference in the  Investment  Agreement to
"this Agreement", "hereunder", "hereof" or words of like import referring to the
Investment  Agreement shall mean and be a reference to the Investment  Agreement
as amended hereby.

     (b) Except as specifically  amended above, the Investment  Agreement is and
shall  continue  to be in full force and  effect  and is hereby in all  respects
ratified and confirmed.

     (c) The execution,  delivery and effectiveness of this Amendment shall not,
except as expressly provided herein,  operate as a waiver of any right, power or
remedy of either party to the Investment Agreement.

     Section 4.  Representations  and  Warranties  of the  Company.  The Company
warrants and represents as follows:


     (a)  Organization,  Standing and Power.  The Company is a corporation  duly
organized,  validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of
Maryland.  The  Company  has the  necessary  corporate  power and  authority  to
execute, deliver and perform this Amendment.

     (b) Authority. The execution, delivery and performance of this Amendment by
the Company has been duly and validly  authorized  by the board of  directors of
the  Company  and by all  other  necessary  corporate  action on the part of the
Company.  This Amendment constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligations of
the Company, enforceable against the

<PAGE>

Company in accordance with its terms except as such  enforceability  may be
limited by applicable  bankruptcy,  insolvency,  reorganization,  moratorium and
other similar laws and equitable  principles  relating to or limiting creditors'
rights generally.

     Section 5.  Representations  and  Warranties of the Investor.  The Investor
warrants and represents as follows:


     (a)  Organization,  Standing and Power. The Investor is a limited liability
company duly organized,  validly existing and in good standing under the laws of
the State of Delaware.  The Investor has the  necessary  power and  authority to
execute, deliver and perform this Amendment.

     (b) Authority. The execution, delivery and performance of this Amendment by
the Investor has been duly and validly authorized by all necessary action on the
part of the Investor.  This Amendment  constitutes the legal,  valid and binding
obligations of the Investor, enforceable against the Investor in accordance with
its terms except as such enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy,
insolvency,  reorganization,  moratorium  and other  similar laws and  equitable
principles relating to or limiting creditors' rights generally.

     Section 6. Governing Law. THIS AMENDMENT SHALL BE CONSTRUED AND INTERPRETED
IN  ACCORDANCE  WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK WITHOUT  REFERENCE TO ITS
PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAWS.

     Section 7.  Headings.  The  descriptive  headings  of the  sections of this
Amendment  are  for  convenience  only  and do not  constitute  a part  of  this
Amendment.

     Section 8.  Counterparts.  This  Amendment  may be  executed in one or more
counterparts  and by  different  parties  in  separate  counterparts.  All  such
counterparts  shall  constitute  one and the same  agreement  and  shall  become
effective  when one or more  counterparts  have been  signed  by each  party and
delivered to the other party.

     Section 9. Remedies;  Waiver.  All rights and remedies  existing under this
Amendment  are  cumulative  to, and not  exclusive  of,  any rights or  remedies
otherwise available. No failure on the part of any party to exercise or delay in
exercising any right hereunder  shall be deemed a waiver thereof,  nor shall any
single or partial exercise preclude any further or other exercise of such or any
other right.

     Section 10. Severability. Any invalidity, illegality or unenforceability of
any  provision of this  Amendment in any  jurisdiction  shall not  invalidate or
render  illegal  or  unenforceable  the  remaining  provisions  hereof  in  such
jurisdiction  and shall not invalidate or render illegal or  unenforceable  such
provisions  in any  other  jurisdiction.  The  Company  and the  Investor  shall
endeavor  in  good  faith  negotiations  to  replace  any  invalid,  illegal  or
unenforceable  provision  with a valid,  legal and  enforceable  provision,  the
economic  effect of which  comes as close as  possible  to that of the  invalid,
illegal or unenforceable provision.

<PAGE>

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Investor and the Company have caused this Amendment
to be signed by their  respective  officers  thereunto duly authorized all as of
the date first written above.

                                 BRASCAN REAL ESTATE FINANCIAL
                                   INVESTMENTS LLC

                                 By:  BRASCAN REAL ESTATE
                                        FINANCIAL PARTNERS LLC,
                                        its Managing Member



                                 /s/William M. Powell
                                 ------------------------------------
                                 Name:  William M. Powell
                                 Title:  Secretary and Treasurer


                                 CRIIMI MAE INC.



                                 /s/David B. Iannarone
                                 -----------------------------------
                                 Name:  David B. Iannarone
                                 Title:  Executive Vice President



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
