<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>repo_agmt-0114.txt
<DESCRIPTION>REPURCHASE AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
`
                                                                EXHIBIT 10.1

                                                           EXECUTION VERSION



                              REPURCHASE AGREEMENT




                                     Among:




                  BEAR, STEARNS INTERNATIONAL LIMITED, as Buyer




                         CRIIMI NEWCO, LLC, as a Seller




                                       And




                         CBO REIT II, INC., as a Seller








                          Dated as of January 14, 2003





<PAGE>


                                TABLE OF CONTENTS

                                                                          Page


Section 1.    APPLICABILITY..................................................1

Section 2.    DEFINITIONS....................................................1

Section 3.    INITIATION; TERMINATION.......................................13

Section 4.    MARGIN AMOUNT MAINTENANCE.....................................20

Section 5.    Payments; proceeds............................................21

Section 6.    REQUIREMENTS OF LAW...........................................22

Section 7.    TAXES.........................................................23

Section 8.    SECURITY INTEREST; BUYER's appointment as Attorney-in-fact....25

Section 9.    PAYMENT, TRANSFER AND CUSTODY.................................30

Section 10.   COMMITMENT Fee................................................30

Section 11.   REPRESENTATIONS...............................................31

Section 12.   COVENANTS.....................................................36

Section 13.   EVENTS OF DEFAULT.............................................42

Section 14.   REMEDIES......................................................45

Section 15.   INDEMNIFICATION AND EXPENSES; RECOURSE........................48

Section 16.   DUE DILIGENCE.................................................50

Section 17.   ASSIGNABILITY.................................................51

Section 18.   HYPOTHECATION OR PLEDGE OF PURCHASED ASSETS...................52

Section 19.   Establishment of ESCROW.......................................53

Section 20.   TAX TREATMENT.................................................53

Section 21.   Set-off.......................................................53

Section 22.   TERMINABILITY.................................................54


                                       -i-

<PAGE>

Section 23.   NOTICES AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS..............................54

Section 24.   ENTIRE AGREEMENT; SEVERABILITY; Single Agreement..............54

Section 25.   GOVERNING LAW.................................................55

Section 26.   Submission To Jurisdiction; Waivers...........................55

Section 27.   NO WAIVERS, ETC...............................................56

Section 28.   NETTING.......................................................56

Section 29.   CONFIDENTIALITY...............................................56

Section 30.   Intent........................................................57

Section 31.   Disclosure Relating to Certain Federal Protections............57

Section 32.   AUTHORIZATIONS................................................58

Section 33.   MISCELLANEOUS.................................................58

Section 34.   Joint and Several OBLIGATIONS.................................59










                                       -ii-




<PAGE>



                                EXHIBITS

SCHEDULE 1      Representations and Warranties re:  Subject Securities
                underlying Equity Interests

SCHEDULE 2      RESERVED

SCHEDULE 3      RESERVED

SCHEDULE 4      Responsible Officers of the Sellers

SCHEDULE 5      Subject Securities

SCHEDULE 6      Asset Schedule

SCHEDULE 7      Existing Indebtedness

SCHEDULE 8      Major Broker Dealers



EXHIBIT A       Form of Opinion Letter

EXHIBIT B       Form of Control Agreement

EXHIBIT C       RESERVED

EXHIBIT D       Form of Direction Letter

EXHIBIT E       Form of Transaction Request

EXHIBIT F       Form of Asset Report

EXHIBIT G       Sellers' Letter






                                  -iii-

<PAGE>


                              REPURCHASE AGREEMENT

     This is a  REPURCHASE  AGREEMENT,  dated as of January  14,  2003,  between
CRIIMI NEWCO, LLC, a Delaware limited  liability company (a "Seller"),  CBO REIT
II, INC., a Maryland  corporation (a "Seller") and BEAR,  STEARNS  INTERNATIONAL
LIMITED, a United Kingdom corporation (the "Buyer").

                                   Section 1.

                                  APPLICABILITY

     The  parties  hereto  shall enter into a  transaction  in which each Seller
agrees to transfer to Buyer  certain  Purchased  Assets  against the transfer of
funds by Buyer,  with a  simultaneous  agreement by Buyer to transfer to Sellers
such  Purchased  Assets at a date certain after the Purchase  Date,  against the
transfer of funds by the Sellers. The transaction shall be referred to herein as
the  "Transaction"  and shall be governed by this Repurchase  Agreement,  unless
otherwise agreed in writing.

                                   Section 2.

                                  DEFINITIONS

As used herein, the following terms shall have the following meanings (all terms
defined in this Section 2 or in other provisions of this Repurchase Agreement in
the singular to have the same meanings when used in the plural and vice versa):

     "Additional  Assets"  shall mean  additional  Subject  Securities  owned by
either  Seller  or Cash  Equivalents  provided  by  either  Seller  to  Buyer in
satisfaction  of the Seller's  obligations  under  Section 4 of this  Repurchase
Agreement.

     "Affiliate" shall mean with respect to any Person,  any "affiliate" of such
Person, as such term is defined in the Bankruptcy Code.

     "Amortization Payment" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(b).

     "Authorized Representative" shall mean, for the purposes of this Repurchase
Agreement  only,  an agent or  Responsible  Officer  of each  Seller  listed  on
Schedule 4 hereto, as such Schedule 4 may be amended from time to time.

     "Asset  Schedule"  shall mean with  respect to the  Transaction,  the Asset
Schedule  attached as Schedule 6 hereto,  which  reflects the  Purchased  Assets
transferred  to Buyer  from the  Sellers  in the  Transaction  hereunder,  which
schedule may be supplemented from time to time pursuant to Section 4 hereof.

     "Bank"  shall mean  SunTrust  Banks,  Inc.,  in its  capacity  as bank with
respect to each Control Agreement.

<PAGE>

     "Bankruptcy  Code" shall mean the United States Bankruptcy Code of 1978, as
amended from time to time.

     "Brascan  Investor"  shall mean Brascan Real Estate  Financial  Investments
LLC.

     "Brascan Lender" shall mean Brascan Real Estate Finance Fund, LP.


     "Brascan Loan  Documents"  shall mean loan and security  documents for that
certain  subordinated  lending  arrangement  by and  between  the  Guarantor  as
borrower and Brascan Lender as lender.

     "Business  Day" shall mean each day on which  commercial  banks in New York
City and the New York Stock Exchange are open for business.

     "Buyer" shall mean Bear, Stearns  International  Limited, its successors in
interest and assigns.

     "Capital Lease  Obligations" shall mean, for any Person, all obligations of
such Person to pay rent or other  amounts  under a lease of (or other  agreement
conveying the right to use) Property to the extent such obligations are required
to be classified and accounted for as a capital lease on a balance sheet of such
Person under GAAP, and, for purposes of this Repurchase Agreement, the amount of
such  obligations  shall  be  the  capitalized  amount  thereof,  determined  in
accordance with GAAP.

     "Cash  Equivalents" shall mean (a) securities with maturities of 90 days or
less from the date of acquisition  issued or fully  guaranteed or insured by the
United States Government or any agency thereof,  (b) certificates of deposit and
eurodollar  time  deposits  with  maturities of 90 days or less from the date of
acquisition  and  overnight  bank  deposits of Buyer or of any  commercial  bank
having capital and surplus in excess of $500,000,000, (c) repurchase obligations
of Buyer or of any commercial bank satisfying the  requirements of clause (b) of
this  definition,  having a term of not more than  seven  days with  respect  to
securities   issued  or  fully  guaranteed  or  insured  by  the  United  States
Government,  or (d) securities  with maturities of 90 days or less from the date
of  acquisition  issued  or  fully  guaranteed  by any  state,  commonwealth  or
territory of the United States, by any political subdivision or taxing authority
of any such state,  commonwealth or territory or by any foreign government,  the
securities  of which  state,  commonwealth,  territory,  political  subdivision,
taxing authority or foreign government (as the case may be) are rated at least A
by S&P or A by Moody's.

     "CBO REIT II" shall mean CBO REIT II, Inc., a Maryland corporation.

     "CBO REIT II Purchased Stock" shall mean the shares of capital stock listed
on the Asset Schedule,  together with all stock certificates,  options or rights
arising out of such capital stock which may be issued or granted by CBO REIT II,
as the  issuer of the CBO REIT II  Purchased  Stock,  to Newco or any  successor
corporation.

     "CDO" shall mean a collateralized  debt obligation to be issued by a Seller
(or an  Affiliate)  and  structured  and sold by the  Buyer  (or an  Affiliate),
collateralized  with the

                                      -2-

<PAGE>

Transaction  Assets or Subject Securities and generally without recourse to
either Seller or any Affiliate thereof.

     "CDO  Engagement  Letter" shall mean that letter  agreement  referred to in
Section 3(a)(i)(E),  entered into among Sellers and Buyer (or an Affiliate) with
respect to the CDO.

     "CDO  Trigger  Event"  shall mean the date that is ten (10)  Business  Days
after the date the Buyer (or an Affiliate) notifies the Guarantor that Buyer has
obtained an investment grade rating (i) from one or more Rating Agencies for CDO
classes  aggregating  at least 95% of $300  million and (ii) for at least 95% of
$150 million of the same CDO class(es)  from at least two Rating  Agencies.  For
purposes  hereof "obtains a rating" shall mean the receipt by the Buyer of final
rating levels from the  applicable  Rating  Agencies,  even if such final rating
levels are communicated  verbally (and not in writing) by an authorized agent of
such  Rating  Agencies,  and even if such final  rating  levels  are  subject to
standard  conditions such as  documentation  acceptable to such Rating Agencies,
opinions and the like. If the  Repurchase  Date for all  Purchased  Assets shall
have  occurred  on or  prior  to  the  date  listed  above  (including,  without
limitation,  as a result of the  closing of a CDO),  then no CDO  Trigger  Event
shall be deemed to have occurred.

     "Change in Control" shall mean:

     (A) any  transaction  or event as a result of which any  Person or  "group"
(within the meaning of Section 13(d) or 14(d) of the Securities  Exchange Act of
1934, as amended) (other than Brascan  Investor) shall have acquired  beneficial
ownership  of 35% or more of any  outstanding  class  of  control  stock  having
ordinary voting power in the election of the directors of the Guarantor;

     (B) any  transaction  or event as a result  of which  Newco  ceases  to own
(other than pursuant to this Repurchase  Agreement),  beneficially or of record,
at least 100% of the common stock and 80% of the preferred stock of CBO REIT II;

     (C) any transaction or event as a result of which CBO REIT II ceases to own
(other than pursuant to this Repurchase  Agreement),  beneficially or of record,
100% of the voting power and economic interest of CRIIMI CMBS;

     (D) any transaction or event as a result of which CBO REIT II ceases to own
(other than pursuant to this  Repurchase  Agreement)  beneficially or of record,
100% of the voting power and economic interest of CRIIMI QRS1;

     (E) any transaction or event as a result of which  Guarantor  ceases to own
(other  than  Brascan  Lender  pursuant to its  exercise  of remedies  under the
Brascan Loan Documents and subject to the Intercreditor Agreement), beneficially
or of record, 100% of the voting power and economic interest of Newco Member;

     (F) any  transaction  or event as a result of which Newco Member  ceases to
own (other than Brascan  Lender  pursuant to its exercise of remedies  under the
Brascan Loan Documents and subject to the Intercreditor Agreement), beneficially
or of record, 100% of the voting power and economic interest of Newco;

                                      -3-

<PAGE>

     (G) the sale, transfer, or other disposition of all or substantially all of
either Seller's or either REIT  Subsidiary's  assets  (excluding any such action
taken in connection with any securitization transaction); or

     (H) the  consummation  of a merger or  consolidation  of Guarantor or Newco
with or into another entity or any other corporate reorganization,  if more than
50% of the combined  voting power of the continuing or surviving  entity's stock
outstanding   immediately  after  such  merger,   consolidation  or  such  other
reorganization  is owned by persons who were not  stockholders  of  Guarantor or
Newco immediately prior to such merger, consolidation or other reorganization.

     "Code" shall mean the Internal  Revenue Code of 1986,  as amended from time
to time.

     "Collection  Account"  shall  mean  each  account  established  by the Bank
subject to a Control Agreement, into which, collectively,  all Proceeds shall be
deposited.

     "Contribution  Agreement" shall mean a contribution  agreement  between the
Sellers, as the same may be further amended,  supplemented or otherwise modified
in accordance with the terms thereof.

     "Control  Agreement" shall mean a letter agreement among the related Seller
or the related REIT  Subsidiary,  the Buyer,  and the Bank  substantially in the
form  of  Exhibit  B  attached  hereto,  as the  same  may be  further  amended,
supplemented or otherwise modified in accordance with the terms thereof.

     "Costs" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 15(a).

     "CRIIMI CMBS" shall mean CRIIMI MAE CMBS Corp., a Delaware corporation.

     "CRIIMI CMBS Purchased Stock" shall mean the shares of capital stock listed
on Schedule 6 hereto,  together with all stock  certificates,  options or rights
arising out of such capital stock which may be issued or granted by CRIIMI CMBS,
as the  issuer  of the  CRIIMI  CMBS  Purchased  Stock,  to CBO  REIT  II or any
successor corporation.

     "CRIIMI  QRS1" shall mean CRIIMI MAE QRS1,  Inc.,  a Delaware  corporation.

     "CRIIMI QRS1 Purchased Stock" shall mean the shares of capital stock listed
on Schedule 6 hereto,  together with all stock  certificates,  options or rights
arising out of such capital stock which may be issued or granted by CRIIMI QRS1,
as the  issuer  of the  CRIIMI  QRS1  Purchased  Stock,  to CBO  REIT  II or any
successor corporation.

     "Custodial Agreement" shall mean that certain Custodial Agreement, dated as
of the date hereof, among the Buyer, the Custodian and the REIT Subsidiaries, as
the  same  may  be  further  amended,  supplemented  or  otherwise  modified  in
accordance with the terms thereof.

                                      -4-

<PAGE>

     "Custodian" shall mean LaSalle Bank National Association,  or any successor
thereto.

     "Default"  shall  mean an event  that with  notice or lapse of time or both
would become an Event of Default.

     "Direction  Letter" shall mean an irrevocable  direction  letter to (i) CBO
REIT II, executed by Newco, (ii) each REIT Subsidiary,  executed by CBO REIT II,
or (ii) the issuers or trustees,  as the case may be, of the Subject Securities,
executed  by  the  related  REIT  Subsidiary  or CBO  REIT  II,  as  applicable,
substantially in the form of Exhibit D hereto.

     "Dollars" and "$" shall mean lawful money of the United States of America.

     "Due Diligence Review" shall mean the performance by Buyer of any or all of
the reviews  permitted under Section 16 hereof with respect to any or all of the
Equity Interests or the related Subject Securities, as desired by the Buyer from
time to time.

     "Equity Interest" shall mean,  collectively,  (a) the CBO REIT II Purchased
Stock,  (b) the CRIIMI CMBS  Purchased  Stock and (c) the CRIIMI QRS1  Purchased
Stock.

     "ERISA"  shall,  with respect to any Person,  mean the Employee  Retirement
Income  Security  Act of 1974,  as amended  from time to time and any  successor
thereto, and the regulations promulgated and rulings issued thereunder.

     "Escrow Agreement" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(b)(iii) of
this Repurchase Agreement.

     "Event of  Default"  shall have the  meaning  specified  in  Section  13.01
hereof.

     "Existing  Indebtedness"  shall  mean  the  Indebtedness  of the  Guarantor
disclosed  on  Schedule  7,  which does not  disclose  all  Indebtedness  of the
Guarantor.

     "Expenses"  shall mean all  present and future  expenses  incurred by or on
behalf  of the  Buyer in  connection  with  the  negotiation,  documentation  or
consummation  and  enforcement of  transactions  contemplated by this Repurchase
Agreement or any of the other Repurchase Documents and any amendment, supplement
or other  modification  or waiver  related hereto or thereto,  whether  incurred
heretofore or hereafter,  which expenses shall include the cost of title,  lien,
judgment and other record searches;  attorneys' fees; and costs of preparing and
recording any UCC financing statements or other filings necessary to perfect the
security interest created hereby.

     "Fitch" shall mean Fitch Ratings, Inc., or any successor thereto.

     "GAAP" shall mean generally  accepted  accounting  principles in the United
States  of  America,   applied  on  a  consistent  basis  and  applied  to  both
classification of items and amounts, and shall include, without limitation,  the
official  interpretations  thereof by the Financial  Accounting Standards Board,
its predecessors and successors.

                                      -5-

<PAGE>

     "Governmental  Authority" shall mean the government of the United States of
America or of any state,  county,  municipality or other  political  subdivision
thereof or any governmental  body, agency,  authority,  department or commission
(including,  without limitation, any taxing authority) or any instrumentality or
officer of any of the foregoing  (including,  without  limitation,  any court or
tribunal)   exercising   executive,   legislative,   judicial,   regulatory   or
administrative  functions of or pertaining to  government  and any  corporation,
partnership or other entity directly or indirectly owned by or controlled by the
foregoing.

     "Guarantee"  shall mean,  as to any Person,  any  obligation of such Person
directly or indirectly  guaranteeing  any Indebtedness of any other Person or in
any manner  providing for the payment of any Indebtedness of any other Person or
otherwise  protecting the holder of such  Indebtedness  against loss (whether by
virtue of  partnership  arrangements,  by  agreement to  keep-well,  to purchase
assets, goods, securities or services, or to take-or-pay or otherwise); provided
that the term  "Guarantee"  shall not include  endorsements  for  collection  or
deposit in the  ordinary  course of business.  The amount of any  Guarantee of a
Person  shall be  deemed  to be an amount  equal to the  stated or  determinable
amount of the primary  obligation in respect of which such Guarantee is made or,
if not stated or determinable,  the maximum reasonably  anticipated liability in
respect  thereof  as  determined  by  such  Person  in  good  faith.  The  terms
"Guarantee" and "Guaranteed" used as verbs shall have correlative meanings.

     "Guarantor"  shall mean  CRIIMI MAE Inc.,  a Maryland  corporation,  or any
successor in interest under the Guaranty.

     "Guaranty" shall mean that certain  Guaranty,  dated as of the date hereof,
by the  Guarantor in favor of the Buyer,  in form and  substance  acceptable  to
Buyer, as the same may be further amended, supplemented or otherwise modified in
accordance with the terms thereof.

     "Indebtedness"  shall mean,  with  respect to any Person,  (a)  obligations
created,  issued or incurred by such Person for borrowed money (whether by loan,
the  issuance  and sale of debt  securities  or the sale of  Property to another
Person subject to an  understanding  or agreement,  contingent or otherwise,  to
repurchase  such Property from such Person);  (b)  obligations of such Person to
pay the deferred  purchase or acquisition  price of Property or services,  other
than trade accounts payable (other than for borrowed money) arising, and accrued
expenses  incurred,  in the ordinary  course of business,  so long as such trade
accounts payable are payable within 90 days of the date the respective goods are
delivered or the respective  services are rendered;  (c)  Indebtedness of others
secured by a Lien on the Property of such Person,  whether or not the respective
Indebtedness  so  secured  has been  assumed  by such  Person;  (d)  obligations
(contingent  or  otherwise)  of such  Person in  respect of letters of credit or
similar instruments issued or accepted by banks and other financial institutions
for the account of such Person;  (e) Capital Lease  Obligations  of such Person;
(f)  obligations  of such  Person  under  repurchase  agreements,  sale/buy-back
agreements or like  arrangements;  (g) Indebtedness of others Guaranteed by such
Person;  (h) all  capitalized  obligations of such Person incurred in connection
with the  acquisition  or  carrying  of fixed  assets  by such  Person;  and (i)
Indebtedness of general  partnerships of which such Person is a general partner;
provided,  however,  the foregoing (a)-(i) does not include payment  obligations
which are not personal recourse to such Person.

                                      -6-

<PAGE>

     "Insolvency Event" shall mean:

     (a)  that  Guarantor,   either  Seller  or  either  REIT  Subsidiary  shall
discontinue or abandon operation of its business; or

     (b) that  Guarantor,  either  Seller or either REIT  Subsidiary  shall fail
generally to, or admit in writing its inability to, pay its debts as they become
due;  or

     (c) a proceeding shall have been instituted in a court having  jurisdiction
in the  premises  seeking a decree or order for relief in respect of  Guarantor,
either  Seller  or either  REIT  Subsidiary  in an  involuntary  case  under any
applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation,  reorganization or other similar
law  now  or  hereafter  in  effect,  or  for  the  appointment  of a  receiver,
liquidator,  assignee,  trustee, custodian,  sequestrator,  conservator or other
similar official of Guarantor,  either Seller or either REIT Subsidiary,  or for
any  substantial  part of its property,  or for the winding-up or liquidation of
its affairs,  and shall remain undismissed for more than sixty (60) days; or

     (d) the commencement by Guarantor,  either Seller or either REIT Subsidiary
of a voluntary case under any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar
Law now or hereafter in effect,  or either Seller's,  Guarantor's or either REIT
Subsidiary's  consent to the entry of an order for relief in an involuntary case
under any such Law, or consent to the  appointment of or taking  possession by a
receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, custodian, sequestrator, conservator or
other similar official of Guarantor, either Seller or either REIT Subsidiary, or
for any  substantial  part of its property,  or any general  assignment  for the
benefit of creditors; or

     (e) that Guarantor,  either Seller or either REIT  Subsidiary  shall become
insolvent within the meaning of section 101(32) of the Bankruptcy Code; or

     (f) if either Seller, Guarantor or either REIT Subsidiary is a corporation,
Guarantor,  such Seller or either REIT Subsidiary, or any of their Subsidiaries,
shall take any corporate  action in furtherance of, or the action of which would
directly  result in any of the  actions set forth in the  preceding  clause (a),
(b), (c), (d) or (e).

     "Intercreditor  Agreement"  shall  have the  meaning  set forth in  Section
3(a)(i)(h) hereof, as the same may be further amended, supplemented or otherwise
modified in accordance with the terms thereof.

     "Investment Agreement" shall mean that certain Investment Agreement, by and
between  Brascan  Investor and the Guarantor,  dated as of November 14, 2002, as
amended on December 2, 2002 and as further  amended on January 14, 2003,  as the
same may be further  amended,  supplemented or otherwise  modified in accordance
with the terms thereof.

     "Knowledge"  shall mean, as it relates to either  Seller or the  Guarantor,
the knowledge,  after reasonable  investigation,  of any officer of Guarantor at
the group vice president level or higher.

     "LIBOR Rate" shall mean the London interbank  offered rate for one-month US
Dollar  deposits as quoted on Telerate Page 3750 at 8:30 a.m.  eastern time. The
LIBOR Rate will

                                      -7-

<PAGE>

be reset on a monthly  basis on the Reset  Date based on the rate in effect
two  London  Business  Days  prior to such  Reset  Date.  If the  LIBOR  Rate is
unavailable  on Telerate Page 3750 (or such other page as may replace Page 3750)
on such London  Business Day, the Buyer shall  determine the arithmetic  mean of
the  offered  quotations  of four  major  banks in the London  interbank  market
selected  by Buyer and  approved by Seller  (the  "Reference  Banks") to leading
banks in the London  interbank  market for one-month U.S.  Dollar deposits in an
amount  determined  by Buyer by  reference  to  requests  for  quotations  as of
approximately  8:30 a.m. eastern standard time on the determination date made by
the Buyer to the Reference  Banks. If on such date at least two of the Reference
Banks provide such  quotations,  the LIBOR Rate shall equal such arithmetic mean
of such  quotations.  If on such  date only one or none of the  Reference  Banks
provide  such  quotations,  the LIBOR Rate shall be deemed to be the  arithmetic
mean of the  offered  quotations  that  leading  banks  in The  City of New York
selected  by Buyer and  approved  by the  Sellers  are  quoting on such date for
one-month U.S. Dollar deposits in an amount reasonably determined by Buyer to be
representative of a single  transaction in such market at such time by reference
to the principal London offices of leading banks in the London interbank market;
provided that if the LIBOR Rate cannot be  determined in accordance  with one of
the foregoing  procedures,  the LIBOR Rate shall be the LIBOR Rate as determined
on the previous determination date.

     "Lien" shall mean any lien, claim, charge,  restriction,  pledge,  security
interest, mortgage, deed of trust or other encumbrance.

     "London Business Day" shall mean, for purposes of the  determination of the
LIBOR Rate, any day on which dealings in deposits in U.S. Dollars are transacted
in the London interbank market.

     "Margin Call" shall have the meaning specified in Section 4.

     "Margin Deficit" shall have the meaning specified in Section 4.

     "Market  Value"  shall mean with respect to any  Purchased  Asset as of any
date,  the market value of such  Purchased  Asset on such date as  determined by
Buyer (or an  Affiliate  thereof)  in its sole good faith  discretion  (provided
that,  with respect to any Purchased  Asset related to an Equity  Interest,  the
Market  Value of the  Subject  Securities  owned  by the  issuer  of the  Equity
Interest shall be taken into account in making such determination).  The Buyer's
determination  of  Market  Value  shall be  conclusive  absent  manifest  error;
provided, that there shall be no discount applied to Purchased Assets consisting
of cash.  Without  limiting the  generality of the  foregoing,  the Market Value
shall be deemed zero for (a) each  Subject  Security  which fails to comply with
the  representations  and  warranties set forth on Schedule 1 hereto (other than
clauses (h),  (i),  (j),  (l), (n) and (k) thereof) or (b) any  Purchased  Asset
which  fails to comply  with the  representations  and  warranties  set forth in
Section 11(h).

     "Market Value Trigger  Event" shall mean, as of any date of  determination,
the aggregate  outstanding  Purchase  Price exceeds 85% of the aggregate  Market
Value of the Purchased Assets.

     "Material  Adverse Effect" shall mean a material  adverse effect on (a) the
Property, business,  operations,  financial condition of either Seller or either
REIT  Subsidiary,

                                      -8-

<PAGE>

(b) the ability of either  Seller or either REIT  Subsidiary to perform its
obligations  under any of the Repurchase  Documents to which it is a party,  (c)
the validity or  enforceability  of any of the  Repurchase  Documents or (d) the
rights and remedies of the Buyer or any  Affiliate  under any of the  Repurchase
Documents.

     "Moody's"  shall mean Moody's  Investor's  Service,  Inc. or any successors
thereto.

     "Net Income" shall mean,  for any Person for any period,  the net income of
such Person for such period as determined in accordance with GAAP.

     "Newco" shall mean CRIIMI Newco, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.

     "Newco Member" shall mean CRIIMI Newco Member, Inc., a Maryland corporation
and the sole member of Newco.

     "Nomura Securities" shall have the meaning set forth on Schedule 5 hereto.

     "Non-Excluded  Taxes"  shall have the  meaning  set forth in  Section  7(a)
hereof.

     "Obligations"  shall mean any  amounts  due and  payable by the  Sellers to
Buyer in connection with the  Transaction  hereunder  (including  interest which
would be payable as post-petition  interest in connection with any bankruptcy or
similar proceeding),  and all other fees or expenses which are payable hereunder
or under any of the Repurchase Documents.

     "Other Taxes" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7(b) hereof.

     "Payment Date" shall mean the fifth calendar day of each month,  or if such
date is not a Business Day, the next succeeding Business Day.

     "Periodic Advance  Repurchase  Payment" shall have the meaning specified in
Section 5(a).

     "Person"  shall  mean  any  individual,   corporation,  company,  voluntary
association,  partnership,  joint venture,  limited  liability  company,  trust,
unincorporated  association  or government  (or any agency,  instrumentality  or
political subdivision thereof).

     "Post-Default  Rate"  shall mean a rate equal to the sum of (a) the Pricing
Rate plus (b) three percent (3.00%).

     "Price   Differential"   shall   mean,   as  of  any  date  (the  "Date  of
Determination"),  the  aggregate  amount  obtained by daily  application  of the
Pricing  Rate (or,  during the  continuation  of an Event of  Default,  by daily
application  of  the  Post-Default   Rate)  for  the  Transaction  to  the  then
outstanding  Purchase Price for the  Transaction on a 360 day per year basis for
the actual number of days during the period  commencing on (and  including)  the
Purchase  Date for the  Transaction  and ending on (but  excluding)  the Date of
Determination (reduced by any amount of such Price Differential  previously paid
by Sellers to Buyer with respect to the Transaction).

     "Pricing Rate" shall mean,

                                      -9-

<PAGE>

     (a) prior to the CDO  Trigger  Event,  a rate per annum equal to the sum of
(i) the LIBOR  Rate  plus (ii)  3.0%;  and

     (b) after the  occurrence of the CDO Trigger  Event, a rate per annum equal
to the sum of (i) the LIBOR Rate plus (ii) 4.0%.

     "Proceeds" shall mean, with respect to any property (whether real, personal
or mixed, and whether tangible or intangible), "proceeds" (as defined in Section
9-102(a)(64)  of the  Uniform  Commercial  Code)  including  without  limitation
whatever is received upon the sale, exchange,  collection,  or other disposition
of such  property or any Proceeds  thereof,  including  without  limitation  (i)
insurance  payable by reason of loss or damage to such  property  (except to the
extent payable to a Person other than the owner of such  property),  (ii) in the
case of any "investment  property" (as defined in the Uniform  Commercial Code),
any payments or distributions, whether of principal, interest or otherwise, cash
dividends,  stock  dividends,  securities  received in exchange  therefore,  and
liquidation  distributions  in  respect  of such  property,  (iii) all  accounts
receivable  arising out of such Equity Interests,  (iv) all general  intangibles
arising out of such Equity Interests,  (v) any and all contractual rights of the
related Seller under any revenue  sharing or similar  agreement  relating to the
Equity Interests to receive all or any portion of the revenues or profits of CBO
REIT II, CRIIMI CMBS or CRIIMI QRS1, as applicable.

     "Property"  shall mean any right or  interest in or to property of any kind
whatsoever, whether real, personal or mixed and whether tangible or intangible.

     "Purchase  Date"  shall  mean  the  date  on  which  Purchased  Assets  are
transferred by the Sellers to the Buyer or its designee.

     "Purchase Price" shall mean,

     (a) on the  Purchase  Date,  the price at which the  Purchased  Assets  are
transferred by the Sellers to Buyer as stated on the related Transaction Request
(and confirmed by the Buyer) which in no event shall exceed $300,000,000; and

     (b)  thereafter,  except  where Buyer and  Sellers  agree  otherwise,  such
Purchase Price  decreased by the amount of any cash,  Proceeds and  Amortization
Payments actually received by Buyer pursuant to Sections 5 and applied to reduce
Sellers' obligations under Section 3(d) hereof.

     "Purchased  Assets" shall mean the Equity Interests and Subject  Securities
sold by a Seller to Buyer in the  Transaction,  as listed on the Asset Schedule,
and any  Additional  Assets  transferred  to Buyer by either Seller  pursuant to
Section 4 hereof.

     "Qualified REIT Subsidiary"  shall mean a "qualified REIT  subsidiary",  as
defined in section 856(i)(2) of the Code.

     "Rating Agency" shall mean any of S&P, Moody's or Fitch.

                                      -10-

<PAGE>

     "Records" shall mean all instruments,  agreements and other books, records,
and reports  and data  generated  by other media for the storage of  information
maintained  by a Seller or any other Person with  respect to a Purchased  Asset.
Records  shall include any other  instruments  necessary to document a Purchased
Asset.

     "Regulations T, U and X" shall mean  Regulations T, U and X of the Board of
Governors of the Federal Reserve System (or any  successor),  as the same may be
modified and supplemented and in effect from time to time.

     "REIT" shall mean a "real estate  investment  trust", as defined in section
856 of the Code.

     "REIT Subsidiaries" shall mean, collectively, CRIIMI CMBS and CRIIMI QRS1.

     "Relevant  System" shall mean (a) The Depository  Trust  Corporation in New
York, New York, or (b) such other applicable clearing organization or book-entry
system  located  in the  United  States,  in either  case  based upon the system
pursuant to which the related Subject Securities may be held in book-entry form.

     "Repurchase  Agreement" shall mean this Repurchase  Agreement between Buyer
and the Sellers, dated as of the date hereof as the same may be further amended,
supplemented or otherwise modified in accordance with the terms hereof.

     "Repurchase  Date"  shall  mean  the  date  on  which  the  Sellers  are to
repurchase  the  Purchased  Assets  subject  to the  Transaction  from  Buyer as
specified in the related  Transaction  Request, or if not so specified on a date
requested  pursuant to Section 3(c) or on the  Termination  Date,  including any
date determined by application of the provisions of Sections 3 or 14.

     "Repurchase Documents" shall mean this Repurchase Agreement, the Subsidiary
Agreement,  the CDO Engagement Letter, the Intercreditor Agreement, the Guaranty
and each Control Agreement.

     "Repurchase Price" shall mean the price at which Purchased Assets are to be
transferred  from Buyer or its designee to the Sellers upon  termination  of the
Transaction,  which  will  be  determined  as the  sum of the  then  outstanding
Purchase  Price  and  the  unpaid  Price  Differential  as of the  date  of such
determination.

     "Requirement  of Law"  shall  mean as to any  Person,  the  certificate  of
incorporation and by-laws or other organizational or governing documents of such
Person,  and  any  law,  treaty,  rule  or  regulation  or  determination  of an
arbitrator or a court or other Governmental  Authority,  in each case applicable
to or binding upon such Person or any of its property or to which such Person or
any of its property is subject.

     "Reset  Date"  shall  mean the date on which the LIBOR  Rate is reset  with
respect to the Transaction, which date shall be the Payment Date of each month.

     "Responsible Officer" shall mean an officer of each Seller or Buyer (as the
case may be) listed on Schedule 4 hereto, as such Schedule 4 may be amended from
time to time.

                                      -11-

<PAGE>

     "S&P"  shall mean  Standard & Poor's  Ratings  Services,  or any  successor
thereto.

     "Securitization  Document"  shall mean,  as the context  may  require,  the
pooling and servicing agreement,  trust indenture,  trust agreement, owner trust
agreement,  deposit trust agreement,  master servicing  agreement and/or special
servicing agreement for a securitization  transaction  resulting in the issuance
of one or more Subject Securities.

     "Seller"  shall  mean each of Newco and CBO REIT II,  or any  successor  in
interest thereto.

     "Subject Security" shall mean, collectively, the commercial mortgage-backed
securities  and/or  owner trust  certificates  identified  on Schedule 5 to this
Repurchase  Agreement together with all certificates,  options or rights arising
out  of  such   commercial   mortgage-backed   securities   and/or  owner  trust
certificates  which may be  issued by the  issuer  thereof,  and any  Additional
Assets acquired by either Seller or either REIT Subsidiary from time to time.

     "Subsidiary"  shall  mean,  with  respect to any Person,  any  corporation,
partnership  or other entity of which at least a majority of the  securities  or
other ownership  interests  having by the terms thereof ordinary voting power to
elect a majority of the board of directors or other persons  performing  similar
functions of such  corporation,  partnership  or other entity  (irrespective  of
whether or not at the time securities or other ownership  interests of any other
class or classes of such corporation,  partnership or other entity shall have or
might have voting power by reason of the happening of any contingency) is at the
time  directly or  indirectly  owned or controlled by such Person or one or more
Subsidiaries  of such Person or by such Person and one or more  Subsidiaries  of
such Person.

     "Subsidiary  Agreement" shall mean the subsidiary  agreement  between Buyer
and  each  related  REIT  Subsidiary  as  the  same  may  be  further   amended,
supplemented or otherwise modified in accordance with the terms thereof.

     "Taxes" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7(a) hereof.

     "Termination  Date"  shall mean the date which is three years from the date
hereof, which shall be January 13, 2006.

     "Transaction" shall have the meaning specified in Section 1.

     "Transaction Assets" shall have the meaning provided in Section 8 hereof.

     "Transaction  Request"  shall  mean a request  from the  Seller to Buyer to
enter into the Transaction in the form of Exhibit E hereto.

     "Uniform  Commercial  Code"  shall mean the Uniform  Commercial  Code as in
effect from time to time in the State of New York; provided that if by reason of
mandatory  provisions  of law, the  perfection  or the effect of  perfection  or
non-perfection  of the  security  interest  in  any  Transaction  Assets  or the
continuation,  renewal  or  enforcement  thereof  is  governed  by  the  Uniform
Commercial  Code as in effect in a  jurisdiction  other than New York,  "Uniform
Commercial  Code"  shall mean the Uniform  Commercial  Code as in effect in such

                                      -12-

<PAGE>

other  jurisdiction  for  purposes  of the  provisions  hereof  relating to such
perfection or effect of perfection or non-perfection.

                                    Section 3.

                             INITIATION; TERMINATION

     (a)  Conditions   Precedent  to  Transaction.   Upon  satisfaction  of  the
conditions  set forth in this  Section  3(a),  the Buyer  shall  enter  into the
Transaction with the Sellers.  Buyer's  obligation to enter into the Transaction
is subject to the  satisfaction  of the  following  conditions  precedent,  both
immediately  prior to entering into the Transaction and also after giving effect
thereto to the intended use thereof:

     (i) The  following  Repurchase  Documents  delivered to the Buyer,  each of
which shall be satisfactory to Buyer and its counsel in form and substance:

     (A) Repurchase Agreement.  This Repurchase Agreement,  duly executed by the
Sellers and the Buyer.

     (B) Control Agreement.  Each Control Agreement,  duly executed by the Bank,
the Buyer and the related Seller or REIT Subsidiary, as applicable.

     (C) Contribution Agreement. A Contribution Agreement, duly executed by each
Seller.

     (D) Subsidiary Agreement.  The Subsidiary Agreement,  duly executed by each
REIT Subsidiary.

     (E) CDO Engagement. A CDO engagement letter, duly executed by the Buyer and
the Guarantor.

     (F) Direction Letters. (1) A Direction Letter, duly executed by Newco, as a
shareholder,  instructing  CBO  REIT  II to  deliver  payments  on  the  Subject
Securities  owned  by it to the  related  Collection  Account,  (2) a  Direction
Letter, duly executed by CBO REIT II, as sole shareholder, instructing each REIT
Subsidiary to deliver any payments on the Subject  Securities owned by it to the
related  Collection  Account and (3) a Direction  Letter,  executed by each REIT
Subsidiary or CBO REIT II, as  applicable,  directing each trustee and/or issuer
under each Subject  Security  owned by each REIT  Subsidiary  or CBO REIT II, as
applicable,  to deliver any payments on the Subject Securities as applicable, to
the related Collection Account.

     (G) Guaranty. A Guaranty, duly executed by the Guarantor.

     (H) Intercreditor  Agreement. An Intercreditor and Subordination Agreement,
in form and substance  acceptable  to the Buyer,  duly executed by the Buyer and
Brascan Lender.

                                      -13-

<PAGE>

     (ii) Opinions of Counsel.

     (A) An opinion or opinions of outside counsel to the Sellers, substantially
in the  form of  Exhibit  A or  otherwise  acceptable  to the  Buyer in its sole
discretion.

     (B) An opinion or opinions  of outside  counsel to the Sellers and the REIT
Subsidiaries   relating  to  corporate  matters  and  enforceability  under  the
Subsidiary Agreements acceptable to the Buyer in its sole discretion.

     (C) An opinion or opinions of outside counsel to the Guarantor  relating to
corporate matters and enforceability of the Guaranty  acceptable to the Buyer in
its sole discretion.

     (D) An  opinion or  opinions  of outside  counsel  to the  Sellers  and the
Guarantor,  in form and substance  satisfactory  to the Buyer,  that each of the
Guarantor and CBO REIT II is and has been at all times since its incorporation a
REIT within the meaning of section 856 of the Code, and each REIT  Subsidiary is
and has been at all times since its  incorporation  a Qualified REIT  Subsidiary
acceptable to the Buyer in its sole discretion.

     (iii)  Guarantor's  Organizational  Documents.  A certificate  of corporate
existence  of Guarantor  delivered  to Buyer prior to the  Purchase  Date (or if
unavailable,  as soon as  available  thereafter)  and  certified  copies  of the
charter and by-laws (or equivalent  documents) of Guarantor and of all corporate
or other  authority for Guarantor  with respect to the  execution,  delivery and
performance of the Repurchase  Documents and each other document to be delivered
by the Guarantor from time to time in connection herewith.

     (iv)  Sellers'  Organizational  Documents.  A  certificate  of corporate or
limited  liability  company  existence  (as the  case  may  be) of  each  Seller
delivered to Buyer prior to the  Purchase  Date (or if  unavailable,  as soon as
available  thereafter)  and  certified  copies of the  charter  and  by-laws (or
equivalent documents) of each Seller and of all corporate or other authority for
each Seller with  respect to the  execution,  delivery  and  performance  of the
Repurchase Documents and each other document to be delivered by each Seller from
time to time in connection herewith, including without limitation,  evidence, in
form and substance  acceptable to the Buyer,  that each Seller's  Certificate of
Formation  or Articles of  Incorporation,  as the case may be, (a)  restrict the
activities  of each  Seller in  accordance  with the  restrictions  set forth in
Section 12(t) of the Repurchase Agreement;  (b) require an independent director;
(c) reduce each Seller's  authorization  to issue stock to the amount  currently
outstanding  in each class as set forth in  Section  11(h)(vi)  hereof;  and (d)
restrict  the  Seller's  ability  to take any  action in  contravention  of this
Repurchase Agreement; and with respect to CBO REIT II, CBO REIT II's Articles of
Incorporation  (a) insure  that the  existing  "Holder"  limit does not apply to
Buyer or any assignee (so long as any such  assignee is not an  individual,  and
subject to not causing CBO REIT II to violate  Section  856(a)(6)  of the Code);
(b) remove the ability of the board of directors  to determine  that CBO REIT II
shall no longer qualify as a REIT; (c)

                                      -14-

<PAGE>

eliminate  the call  right  for CBO REIT  II's  preferred  stock  until all
Obligations  have been paid by Sellers  hereunder and this  Transaction has been
terminated; and (d) provide that upon the occurrence and continuance of an Event
of Default  hereunder,  replacements for any resigned or removed directors shall
be appointed by CBO REIT II's shareholders.

     (v) REIT Subsidiary's  Organizational Documents. A certificate of corporate
existence of each REIT Subsidiary  delivered to Buyer prior to the Purchase Date
(or if unavailable, as soon as available thereafter) and certified copies of the
charter and by-laws (or equivalent documents) of each REIT Subsidiary and of all
corporate  or other  authority  for each REIT  Subsidiary  with  respect  to the
execution,  delivery and performance of the Repurchase  Documents and each other
document to be delivered by each REIT Subsidiary from time to time in connection
herewith;  including  without  limitation,   evidence,  in  form  and  substance
acceptable to the Buyer, of an amendment to each REIT  Subsidiary's  Certificate
of  Incorporation  to (a) restrict the  activities  of each REIT  Subsidiary  in
accordance with the  restrictions  set forth in each Subsidiary  Agreement;  (b)
require an independent director; (c) reduce each REIT Subsidiary's authorization
to issue stock to the amount currently outstanding in each class as set forth in
Section  11(h)(vi) hereof;  and (d) restrict each REIT  Subsidiary's  ability to
take any action in contravention of this Repurchase  Agreement or the Subsidiary
Agreement.

     (vi) Good  Standing.  A certified  copy of a good standing  certificate  of
Guarantor, each Seller and each REIT Subsidiary, dated as of no earlier than the
date 10 Business Days prior to the date hereof.

     (vii) Warrant.  Evidence, in form and substance  satisfactory to the Buyer,
that the  warrant for 98 shares of Series A  Preferred  Stock  issued to Merrill
Lynch  International  has been  surrendered,  cancelled  or has expired  without
exercise thereof.

     (viii) Security Interest.  Evidence that all other actions necessary or, in
the opinion of Buyer,  desirable to perfect and protect Buyer's  interest in the
Purchased Assets,  the Subject  Securities that are Transaction Assets and other
Transaction Assets have been taken, including,  without limitation, UCC searches
and duly authorized and filed Uniform  Commercial  Code financing  statements on
Form UCC-1.

     (ix)  Insurance.  Evidence that  Guarantor has added Buyer as an additional
insured under the Guarantor's errors and omissions insurance.

     (x)  Purchased  Assets.  Receipt by Buyer or its  designee of all  security
certificates (as defined in the Uniform Commercial Code) representing the Equity
Interests,  together  with all  executed  instruments  of transfer  necessary to
evidence that each such Equity  Interest has been  registered in the name of the
Buyer,  and (B) an instruction  and  acknowledgment  of CBO REIT II or such REIT
Subsidiary, as applicable.

     (xi) Transfer of Subject  Securities.  No later than the requested Purchase
Date, the steps set forth in Section 8(e) and the Subsidiary Agreement have been
taken with respect to the relevant Subject Security.

                                      -15-

<PAGE>

     (xii) Other  Documents.  Buyer shall have received such other  documents as
Buyer may reasonably  request,  in form and substance  reasonably  acceptable to
Buyer.

     (xiii) Due Diligence Review.  Without limiting the generality of Section 16
hereof,  Buyer shall have  completed,  to its  satisfaction,  its due  diligence
review of the related Equity Interests,  Subject Securities, the Guarantor, each
REIT Subsidiary and each Seller.

     (xiv) No Default. No Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be
continuing under the Repurchase Documents.

     (xv)  Representations  and  Warranties.   Both  immediately  prior  to  the
Transaction  and also after  giving  effect  thereto,  the  representations  and
warranties made by each Seller in Section 11 hereof,  shall be true, correct and
complete on and as of the Purchase  Date in all material  respects with the same
force  and  effect  as if  made  on  and  as of  such  date  (or,  if  any  such
representation  or  warranty  is  expressly  stated  to have  been  made as of a
specific date, as of such specific date).

     (xvi)  Transaction  Request.  On or prior to the Purchase Date, the Sellers
shall  have  delivered  to the  Buyer a  Transaction  Request.

     (xvii)  Fees and  Expenses.  The Buyer  shall  have  received  all fees and
expenses of counsel to the Buyer as  contemplated by Sections 10 and 15(d) which
amounts,  at the Buyer's option,  may be withheld from the proceeds  remitted by
Buyer to the Sellers pursuant to the Transaction hereunder.

     (xviii) No Material  Adverse  Change.  As of the date  hereof,  none of the
following shall have occurred and/or be continuing:

     (A) an event or events shall have occurred in the good faith  determination
of the Buyer resulting in the effective absence of a "repo market" or comparable
"lending  market" for  financing  debt  obligations  secured by securities or an
event or events  shall have  occurred  resulting  in the Buyer not being able to
finance  Purchased  Assets  through the "repo  market" or "lending  market" with
traditional  counterparties  at rates which would have been reasonable  prior to
the occurrence of such event or events; or

     (B) an event or events  shall  have  occurred  resulting  in the  effective
absence of a "securities market" for securities backed by commercial loans or an
event or events  shall have  occurred  resulting in Buyer not being able to sell
securities backed by commercial loans at prices which would have been reasonable
prior to such event or events;

     (C) Bear  Stearns & Co.'s  corporate  bond rating as  calculated  by S&P or
Moody's has been  lowered or  downgraded  to a rating below its rating as of the
date hereof by S&P or Moody's or is on watch for a downgrade;

                                      -16-


<PAGE>

     (D) a suspension or material limitation in trading in securities  generally
on the New York Stock Exchange;

     (E) a general  moratorium  on  commercial  banking  activities  declared by
either  Federal or New York State  governments,  regulators  or self  regulatory
organizations,  or a material  disruption  in  commercial  banking or securities
settlement or clearance services in the United States;

     (F) the outbreak or escalation of  hostilities  involving the United States
or the  declaration  by the United States of a national  emergency or war or the
occurrence of any other calamity or crisis;

     (G) any  change  in  national  or  international  financial,  political  or
economic  conditions if the effect of any such event  specified in clause (F) or
(G) in the sole  judgment  of Buyer makes it  impracticable  or  inadvisable  to
proceed with the Transaction on the terms and in the manner contemplated in this
Repurchase Agreement.

     (xix)  Commitment  Fee. On or prior to the Purchase  Date,  the Buyer shall
have received the commitment fee from the Sellers pursuant to Section 10 hereof.

     (xx)  Brascan  Confirmation.  The Buyer  shall have  received  satisfactory
evidence of the consummation of the transactions  contemplated in the Investment
Agreement as determined by Buyer in its sole discretion.

     (xxi) Brascan Loan Documents. The Buyer shall have reviewed and approved in
its sole  discretion the Brascan Loan  Documents;  provided,  that the Buyer has
reasonably approved a first Lien on the equity of Newco and Newco Member subject
to the Intercreditor Agreement.

     (xxii) Evidence of Contribution.  The Buyer shall have received evidence of
the following events,  which shall be in form and substance  satisfactory to the
Buyer:  (i) the liquidation  and/or  dissolution of CBO REIT, Inc. ("CBO REIT"),
(ii) the payment by CBO REIT to its preferred  shareholders  of its  liquidation
value plus any accrued, unpaid dividends,  (iii) the distribution by CBO REIT to
the Guarantor (as the common  shareholder) of all assets and  liabilities,  (iv)
the  contribution  of such assets and  liabilities by Guarantor to Newco Member,
(v) the contribution of such assets and liabilities by Newco Member to Newco and
(vi) the contribution of such assets and liabilities by Newco to CBO REIT II.

     (xxiii) Use of Net Proceeds.  Written evidence,  satisfactory to the Buyer,
that the  Guarantor  will  cause  the  Sellers  to use the net  proceeds  of the
Transaction,  immediately  following the Purchase Date (subject to the terms and
conditions of the Escrow  Agreement),  to fully redeem and retire or defease the
Existing Indebtedness.

     The  execution  of this  Repurchase  Agreement by the Sellers and the Buyer
shall constitute a certification or  acknowledgement  and agreement (as the case
may be) by each  Seller and Buyer that the  conditions  set forth in clauses (i)
(other than with respect to the documents

                                      -17-

<PAGE>

delivered by the REIT Subsidiaries),  (ii), (iii), (iv), (vi), (vii), (ix),
(xii),  (xiii),  (xviii)  and (xxi)  have been  satisfied  as of the date of the
Repurchase Agreement,  subject to the terms of a post-closing  agreement between
the parties.  The Transaction  Request  delivered by the Sellers hereunder shall
constitute a  certification  by the Sellers that all  remaining  conditions  set
forth in this Section 3(a) (other than  acceptability  or satisfaction to Buyer,
where and as  applicable)  have been  satisfied  as of the  Purchase  Date,  and
Buyer's  execution of the "Certificate  Authorizing  Release" (as defined in the
Escrow Agreement) shall constitute  Buyer's  acknowledgement  and agreement that
all remaining  conditions set forth in this Section 3(a) (other than clause (xv)
hereof) have been satisfied as of the Purchase Date; provided that if subsequent
to the Buyer depositing the Purchase Price in escrow under the Escrow Agreement,
the Buyer  determines in good faith that any  condition has not been  satisfied,
the  Sellers  shall use good  faith  efforts  to  satisfy  such  condition.  The
preceding  provisions shall not be a waiver of any  representation,  warranty or
covenant set forth in this Repurchase Agreement.

     (b) Initiation.

     (i) The  Sellers  shall  deliver a  Transaction  Request to the Buyer on or
prior to the date and time set forth in Section 3(a)(xvi) prior to entering into
the Transaction.

     (ii) The Repurchase  Date for the  Transaction  shall not be later than the
Termination Date.

     (iii) Subject to the  provisions of this Section 3, the Purchase Price will
then be made  available  to the Sellers  pursuant  to the terms of that  certain
Escrow  Agreement,  dated  as of the  date  hereof,  by  and  among  the  Buyer,
Guarantor,  Brascan Investor and LaSalle Bank, National  Association,  as escrow
agent (the "Escrow Agreement").

     (iv) Within a reasonable  time  subsequent to the Purchase  Date, the Buyer
shall deliver a purchase  confirmation  to the Sellers,  confirming the terms of
the Transaction.

     (c) Repurchase.

     (i) The  Sellers  may  repurchase  all of the  Purchased  Assets (but not a
portion  thereof)  without  penalty  or  premium  on any  date  (subject  to the
provisions  below).  The Repurchase Price payable for the repurchase of any such
Purchased  Assets shall be reduced as provided in Section  5(e).  If the Sellers
intend to make such a repurchase, the Sellers shall give five (5) Business Days'
prior written notice thereof to the Buyer (such  intended  Repurchase  Date, the
"Early  Repurchase  Date");  provided,  however,  at any  time  prior to two (2)
Business Days prior to the Early  Repurchase  Date, the Sellers may give written
notice to the Buyer of their  decision to extend the  Repurchase  Date to a date
certain,  which shall be a Business  Day, no more than thirty (30) calendar days
from the date of such  notice.  If such  notice  is given to  extend  the  Early
Repurchase  Date as  provided  herein,  the  Sellers  shall pay to the Buyer any
amount  required to compensate  such Buyer for any additional  losses,  costs or
expenses which it may reasonably incur as a result of such failure to repurchase
on the Early Repurchase Date, including,  without limitation,  any loss, cost or
expense  incurred by reason of the  liquidation or  reemployment  of deposits or
other funds  acquired by the Buyer to fund or maintain the

                                      -18-

<PAGE>

Transaction.  If the  notice  described  above is  given,  the  outstanding
Purchase Price shall be due and payable on the Early Repurchase Date as extended
in  accordance  with the  requirements  of this section,  and, on receipt,  such
amount shall be applied to the  Repurchase  Price for the  designated  Purchased
Assets. If the Purchased Assets are repurchased on any date other than the Reset
Date, the Sellers shall pay to the Buyer any amount  required to compensate such
Buyer for any additional losses, costs or expenses which it may reasonably incur
as a result of such repurchase, including, without limitation, any loss, cost or
expense  incurred by reason of the  liquidation or  reemployment  of deposits or
other funds acquired by the Buyer to fund or maintain the Transaction.  Upon the
Sellers'  request,  the Buyer  shall  disclose  the basis for  determining  such
additional amounts.  Buyer's determination of any amounts due hereunder shall be
conclusive absent manifest error.

     (ii)  On the  Repurchase  Date,  termination  of the  Transaction  will  be
effected by  reassignment to the Sellers or their designee  (including,  without
limitation,  in connection  with the issuance of a CDO) of the Purchased  Assets
(and any Proceeds in respect thereof  received by Buyer not previously  credited
or transferred  to, or applied to the  obligations  of, the Sellers  pursuant to
Section 5) against  the  simultaneous  transfer  of the  Repurchase  Price to an
account of Buyer or its designee.

     (d)  Buydown.  At any time and from  time to time  during  the term of this
Repurchase  Agreement,  the Sellers may remit  funds  ("Buydown  Amount") to the
Buyer to reduce the  Repurchase  Price  without a  corresponding  repurchase  of
Purchased  Assets.  The Buyer shall apply the Buydown  Amount to the  Repurchase
Price on the same  Business Day provided  Buyer  receives the Buydown  Amount by
3:00 p.m. New York City time;  provided  that, all other fees and expenses owing
to the  Buyer  hereunder  shall  have been paid  prior to the  reduction  of the
Repurchase  Price.  The Buyer shall  notify the Sellers  within two (2) Business
Days after the date the Buyer receives any Buydown Amount if any amount remitted
as a Buydown Amount is not applied to reduce the Repurchase Price.

                                   Section 4.

                            MARGIN AMOUNT MAINTENANCE

     (a) The Buyer shall  determine the Market Value of the Purchased  Assets at
such intervals as determined by the Buyer in its sole discretion.

     (b) If at any  time a  Market  Value  Trigger  Event  has  occurred  and is
continuing (a "Margin Deficit"), then Buyer may by written notice to the Sellers
(as such notice is more particularly set forth below, a "Margin Call"),  require
Sellers to transfer  to Buyer or Buyer's  designee  cash,  Cash  Equivalents  or
Subject  Securities  approved by the Buyer in its sole  discretion  ("Additional
Assets") so that the Purchase Price then  outstanding will be less than or equal
to 80% of aggregate  Market Value of all  Purchased  Assets,  including any such
Additional  Assets.  If Buyer  delivers  a  Margin  Call to the  Sellers  on any
Business Day, then the Seller shall transfer Additional Assets to Buyer no later
than the time of delivery of such Margin Call on the next Business Day. Any cash
transferred  to the Buyer in  response to a Margin Call shall be credited to the
Purchase Price on the date of payment.

                                      -19-

<PAGE>

     (c) Buyer's election,  in its sole and absolute  discretion,  not to make a
Margin Call at any time there is a Margin  Deficit shall not in any way limit or
impair its right to make a Margin Call at any time a Margin Deficit exists.

     (d) If, at any time prior to the  occurrence  of a CDO Trigger  Event,  the
aggregate outstanding Purchase Price is less than 80% of the Market Value of the
Purchased  Assets (a "Margin  Excess"),  then the  Sellers  may by notice to the
Buyer require Buyer, in Buyer's sole discretion,  transfer to either Seller,  as
applicable,  previously  delivered  Additional  Assets  pursuant to Section 4(b)
above,  provided that the aggregate  outstanding Purchase Price, after deduction
of any such Additional  Assets so transferred,  will thereupon not exceed 80% of
Market  Value  of the  Purchased  Assets.  For  the  avoidance  of  doubt,  only
Additional Assets delivered to Buyer to satisfy a Margin Call under Section 4(b)
(such assets, "Margin Call Assets") may be released by Buyer to satisfy a Margin
Excess,  and if the Buyer has no Margin  Call  Assets,  the Buyer  shall have no
obligation to take any action in respect of a Margin Excess hereunder.

                                   Section 5.

                               PAYMENTS; PROCEEDS

     (a) The  Sellers  shall  pay to  Buyer  the  accreted  value  of the  Price
Differential  (each such payment,  a "Periodic Advance  Repurchase  Payment") on
each Payment Date.  Notwithstanding the preceding sentence,  if the Sellers fail
to make all or part of the Periodic Advance Repurchase Payment by 5:00 p.m. (New
York  time)  on any  Payment  Date,  the  Pricing  Rate  shall  be  equal to the
Post-Default Rate until the Periodic Advance  Repurchase  Payment is received in
full by  Buyer;  provided,  that any  payment  in full of the  Periodic  Advance
Repurchase  Payment  following  an Event of  Default  shall not be deemed a cure
thereof for any purpose hereunder.

     (b) The  Sellers  shall pay to Buyer,  on the  first  Payment  Date of each
calendar quarter, an amount (any such payment, an "Amortization Payment"), which
in each case  shall be  calculated  by the  Buyer  (which  calculation  shall be
binding  absent  manifest  error)  equal to (i) prior to the  occurrence  of the
earlier of (x) a CDO Trigger Event or (y) one year  following the Purchase Date,
a quarterly  amortization  payment  equal to 1/240th of the  original  principal
balance of the Purchase  Price or (ii) upon the occurrence of the earlier of (x)
a CDO Trigger  Event or (y) one year  following  the Purchase  Date, a quarterly
amortization  payment equal to 1/160th of the original  principal balance of the
Purchase  Price.

     (c) The Sellers  shall  deposit or cause the  related  REIT  Subsidiary  to
deposit for Sellers'  account,  all income,  including without  limitation,  all
Proceeds  received by or on behalf of the Sellers or the REIT  Subsidiaries with
respect to the Purchased Assets and the Subject  Securities in a deposit account
(the title of which shall indicate that the funds are in the name of the related
Seller or the  related  REIT  Subsidiary)  (each  such  account,  a  "Collection
Account")  with a  financial  institution  acceptable  to Buyer and subject to a
Control Agreement. All such Proceeds shall not be commingled with other property
of the Sellers or any  Affiliate of the Sellers  except as  expressly  permitted
above.

                                      -20-

<PAGE>

     (d) Each Seller, as applicable, shall deliver or cause each REIT Subsidiary
to deliver,  on or prior to the Purchase  Date, a Direction  Letter to the Buyer
with respect to each issuer of the Subject  Securities,  which shall direct such
issuer to deposit  directly  all  Proceeds  received  with respect to any of the
Subject Securities into the related Collection Account.  The Buyer shall deposit
any Proceeds  received  with respect to any of the Subject  Securities  into the
related Collection Account.

     (e) All such amounts shall be withdrawn from the related Collection Account
on each Payment Date and remitted by the related  Seller or REIT  Subsidiary  as
follows:

     (i)  First,  to the  Buyer in  payment  of any  accrued  and  unpaid  Price
Differential;

     (ii) Second,  without  limiting the rights of Buyer under Section 4 of this
Repurchase Agreement, in the amount of any unpaid Margin Deficit;

     (iii) Third, to the Buyer in payment of any Amortization  Payment then due;
and

     (iv)  Fourth,  to pay costs and fees  payable by CBO REIT II or either REIT
Subsidiary under the  Securitization  Documents to trustees,  Rating Agencies or
any other Person  (other than an Affiliate of the Sellers)  specified  under the
Securitization Documents;

     (v) Fifth,  to CBO REIT II for payment of annual cash dividends by CBO REIT
II to the holders of its Series A Preferred  Stock  pursuant to the  Articles of
Incorporation  of CBO REIT II as in effect on the Purchase  Date;  provided that
CBO REIT II may only make such  payments (a) pursuant to this  paragraph and (b)
during a month in which a quarterly Amortization Payment is due; and

     (vi) Sixth, to the Sellers.

     (f)  Notwithstanding the preceding  provisions,  if an Event of Default has
occurred,  all funds in the Collection Account shall be withdrawn and applied as
determined by the Buyer in its sole discretion.

                                   Section 6.

                               REQUIREMENTS OF LAW

     (a) If any  Requirement  of Law (other than with  respect to any  amendment
made  to  the  Buyer's   certificate  of  incorporation  and  by-laws  or  other
organizational  or governing  documents) or any change in the  interpretation or
application  thereof or  compliance  by the Buyer with any request or  directive
(whether  or not  having  the  force  of law)  from  any  central  bank or other
Governmental Authority made subsequent to the date hereof:

     (i) shall subject the Buyer to any tax of any kind  whatsoever with respect
to this  Repurchase  Agreement or the  Transaction  (excluding net income taxes,
branch profits taxes, franchise taxes or similar taxes imposed on the Buyer as a
result of any

                                      -21-

<PAGE>

present or former connection between the Buyer and the United States, other
than  any  such  connection  arising  solely  from the  Buyer  having  executed,
delivered or performed its obligations or received a payment under, or enforced,
this  Repurchase  Agreement)  or change the basis of taxation of payments to the
Buyer in respect thereof;

     (ii) shall impose, modify or hold applicable any reserve,  special deposit,
compulsory loan or similar requirement against assets held by, deposits or other
liabilities in or for the account of,  advances,  or other  extensions of credit
by, or any other  acquisition  of funds by, any office of the Buyer which is not
otherwise included in the determination of the LIBOR Rate hereunder;

     (iii) shall impose on the Buyer any other condition;

and the result of any of the foregoing is to increase the cost to the Buyer, by
an amount which the Buyer deems to be material, of entering, continuing or
maintaining the Transaction or to reduce any amount due or owing hereunder in
respect thereof, then, in any such case, the Sellers shall promptly pay the
Buyer such additional amount or amounts as calculated by the Buyer in good faith
as will compensate the Buyer for such increased cost or reduced amount
receivable.

     (b) If the Buyer shall have  determined  that the adoption of or any change
in any  Requirement of Law (other than with respect to any amendment made to the
Buyer's  certificate of  incorporation  and by-laws or other  organizational  or
governing  documents)  regarding  capital adequacy or in the  interpretation  or
application  thereof or compliance by the Buyer or any  corporation  controlling
the Buyer with any request or directive  regarding  capital adequacy (whether or
not having the force of law) from any Governmental  Authority made subsequent to
the date  hereof  shall  have the effect of  reducing  the rate of return on the
Buyer's  or such  corporation's  capital  as a  consequence  of its  obligations
hereunder to a level below that which the Buyer or such  corporation  could have
achieved but for such adoption,  change or compliance (taking into consideration
the Buyer's or such corporation's  policies with respect to capital adequacy) by
an  amount  deemed  by the Buyer to be  material,  then  from time to time,  the
Sellers  shall  promptly pay to the Buyer such  additional  amount or amounts as
will compensate the Buyer for such reduction.

     (c) If the Buyer becomes entitled to claim any additional  amounts pursuant
to this Section,  it shall promptly provide the Sellers with notice of the event
by reason of which it has become so entitled and a good faith explanation of any
amounts due  hereunder.  A  certificate  as to any  additional  amounts  payable
pursuant  to this  Section  submitted  by the  Buyer  to the  Sellers  shall  be
conclusive in the absence of manifest  error.

     (d) No amount  shall be payable by either  Seller under this Section 6 with
respect to any period in excess of ninety  (90) days prior to the date of demand
by the Buyer unless the effect of a change in the  interpretation or application
of the  Requirement  of Law is retroactive by its terms to a period prior to the
date of the change in  interpretation  or application of the Requirement of Law,
in which  case any  additional  amount  or  amounts  shall  be  payable  for the
retroactive  period but only if the Buyer  provides its written demand not later
than ninety (90) days after the change in the  interpretation  or application of
the Requirement of Law.

                                      -22-

<PAGE>

                                    Section 7.

                                      TAXES

     (a) All  payments  made by any Seller or Guarantor  (including  any amounts
paid to Buyer in  respect of the  Purchased  Assets or the  Subject  Securities)
under this  Repurchase  Agreement or any Repurchase  Document shall be made free
and clear of, and without  deduction or  withholding  for, or on account of, any
present or future taxes, levies, imposts,  deductions,  charges or withholdings,
and all liabilities  (including  penalties,  interest and additions to tax) with
respect  thereto  imposed  by any  Governmental  Authority  thereof  or  therein
("Taxes"),  excluding  income taxes,  branch profits taxes,  franchise  taxes or
similar  taxes  imposed  on the  Buyer  as a result  of any  present  or  former
connection  between  the  Buyer  and the  United  States,  other  than  any such
connection arising solely from the Buyer having executed, delivered or performed
its  obligations  or received a payment  under,  or  enforced,  this  Repurchase
Agreement (all such nonexcluded Taxes,  "Non-Excluded  Taxes"). If either Seller
or any issuer of a  Purchased  Asset or Subject  Security  shall be  required to
deduct or withhold any Taxes from or in respect of any amount payable hereunder,
(i) such Seller or issuer shall make such deductions or withholdings,  (ii) such
Seller  shall or shall  cause such  issuer to pay the full  amount  deducted  or
withheld to the relevant  Governmental  Authority in accordance  with applicable
law, and (iii) with respect to any Non-Excluded  Taxes, the amount payable shall
be increased by an amount (the "additional  amount") necessary so that the Buyer
shall  receive a net amount  equal to the amount it would have  received  had no
such  deductions or  withholdings  in respect of  Non-Excluded  Taxes been made;
provided that Buyer is a resident of the United States or the United Kingdom.

     (b) In addition,  each Seller agrees to pay or cause the issuers of each of
the Purchased Assets and Subject  Securities (other than the Nomura  Securities)
to pay to the relevant Governmental  Authority in accordance with applicable law
any current or future stamp or documentary taxes or any other excise or property
taxes,  charges or  similar  levies  (including,  without  limitation,  mortgage
recording  taxes,  transfer taxes and similar fees) imposed by the United States
or any taxing  authority  thereof or therein  that arise from any  payment  made
hereunder or from the execution,  delivery or registration of, or otherwise with
respect to, this  Repurchase  Agreement  ("Other  Taxes").

     (c)  Each  Seller  will   indemnify  the  Buyer  for  the  full  amount  of
Non-Excluded Taxes (including additional amounts with respect thereto) and Other
Taxes paid by the Buyer (for avoidance of doubt,  on a joint and several basis),
provided  that  the  Buyer  shall  have  provided  the  Sellers  with  evidence,
reasonably  satisfactory  to the Sellers,  of payment of  Non-Excluded  Taxes or
Other Taxes, as the case may be.

     (d) As soon as practicable  after the date of any payment of Taxes or Other
Taxes by the Sellers or the issuer of any  Purchased  Asset or Subject  Security
(other than the Nomura Securities) to the relevant Governmental  Authority,  the
Sellers  will  deliver,  or shall  cause the  issuer of the  Purchased  Asset or
Subject  Security to deliver,  to the Buyer the original or a certified  copy of
the receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing payment thereof.

     (e) Without prejudice to the survival of any other agreement of the Sellers
hereunder,  the  agreements  and  obligations  of the Seller  contained  in this
Section  7  shall  survive

                                      -23-

<PAGE>

     the termination of this  Repurchase  Agreement.  Notwithstanding  any other
provision of this  Repurchase  Agreement to the contrary,  nothing  contained in
this Section 7, or otherwise in this  Repurchase  Agreement,  shall  require the
Buyer to make available any of its tax returns or any other  information that it
deems to be confidential or proprietary.


     (f) If the Buyer is  required  to deduct or  withhold  any Taxes from or in
respect of any amount  payable or deemed  payable  hereunder by the Buyer to any
Seller,  the Buyer  shall make such  deductions  or  withholdings,  pay the full
amount deducted or withheld to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance
with  applicable  law,  and such amount  shall be treated  for  purposes of this
Repurchase Agreement as if it were paid to and received by the Sellers.  Each of
Newco and CBO REIT II shall  make all  reasonable  efforts  to obtain and timely
deliver a U.K. Inland Revenue Form MOD2  (Application  for Relief From UK Income
Tax on Manufactured Overseas Dividends) with an appropriate certificate from the
U.S. Internal Revenue Service certifying,  respectively, the Guarantor's and CBO
REIT  II's  residence  in  the  United  States  and/or  such  other  tax  forms,
certifications  or other  documents which may eliminate or reduce any deductions
or  withholdings  on account  of Taxes in  respect of any amount  payable by the
Buyer hereunder.  Such forms shall be renewed and timely delivered at such times
as may be required by U.K.  Inland Revenue and, in any event,  on the Repurchase
Date.  The  Buyer  may  rely on any  such  tax  forms,  certifications  or other
documents  provided  to it,  and the  Sellers  will  indemnify  the  Buyer on an
after-Tax basis for any Costs relating to or arising out of Buyer's  reliance on
such tax forms,  certifications or other documents or either Seller's  inability
to provide such tax forms, certifications or other documents.

                                  Section 8.

           SECURITY INTEREST; BUYER's appointment as Attorney-in-fact

     (a) Security  Interest.  Although the parties  intend that the  Transaction
hereunder be a sale and purchase  pursuant to a repurchase  agreement  and not a
loan  (other  than for  accounting  and  federal,  state  and local  income  and
franchise tax  purposes),  in the event the  Transaction is deemed to be a loan,
each Seller hereby  pledges as of the Purchase Date to Buyer as security for the
performance by each Seller of its  Obligations  and hereby  grants,  assigns and
pledges  as of the  Purchase  Date to  Buyer a fully  perfected  first  priority
security interest in the Purchased Assets, each Collection  Account,  all books,
records  and  files  relating  to any  Purchased  Assets,  any  other  accounts,
payments,  rights to payment and general  intangibles  relating to any Purchased
Asset, all "securities  accounts" (as defined in Section 8-501(a) of the Uniform
Commercial  Code)  to which  any or all of the  Purchased  Assets  are or may be
credited,  and all Proceeds  with respect to the  foregoing,  in all  instances,
whether now owned or  hereafter  acquired,  now  existing or  hereafter  created
(collectively,  the "Transaction Assets"). For the removal of doubt, the parties
acknowledge  that this  definition of  "Transaction  Assets" does not include or
refer to any Subject Securities owned by either REIT Subsidiary.

     Each Seller hereby authorizes the Buyer to file such financing statement or
statements  relating to the Transaction  Assets as the Buyer, at its option, may
deem  appropriate.  Each  Seller  shall pay the filing  costs for any  financing
statement  or  statements  prepared  pursuant  to this  Section  8.

                                      -24-
<PAGE>

     (b) Equity  Interest.  The  parties  acknowledge  and agree that the Equity
Interests   constitute   "certificated   securities"   (as  defined  in  Section
8-102(a)(4) of the Uniform Commercial Code).

     (i) Record Ownership.  On the Purchase Date, record ownership of the Equity
Interests shall be transferred to Buyer.

     (ii) Certificates.  The original  certificate or certificates  representing
the Equity Interests,  registered in the name of the Buyer, shall be held by the
Buyer.

     (iii) Cash  Dividends;  Voting Rights.  The Buyer shall exercise all voting
and shareholder  rights with respect to the Equity Interests.  The Sellers shall
be  entitled  to income from any  dividends  or proceeds  paid on account of the
Equity  Interests  in  accordance  with  Section  5(e)  hereof.  Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary,  absent the occurrence and  continuance of an Event of
Default,  Buyer shall exercise all voting,  consent or other shareholder  rights
with  respect  to  the  Equity   Interests  in  accordance   with  the  Sellers'
instructions;  provided,  however that Buyer (A) shall not be required to cast a
vote or exercise a  shareholder  right or take any other  action and (B) will be
entitled to vote against any measure,  which,  in either case,  would impair the
market  value of any Equity  Interest  or which  would be  inconsistent  with or
result in a violation  of any  provision  of this  Repurchase  Agreement  or the
Repurchase Documents; and provided, further, that Buyer shall not be required at
any time to (i) vote to enable,  or take any other action to permit  either REIT
Subsidiary  or CBO REIT II to issue  any  shares  of any  nature or to issue any
other shares  convertible into or granting the right to purchase or exchange for
any shares of either REIT Subsidiary,  or (ii) sell, assign, transfer,  exchange
or  otherwise  dispose  of, or grant any  option  with  respect  to,  the Equity
Interests or (iii) create,  incur or permit to exist any Lien or option in favor
of, or any claim of any Person with respect to, any of the Equity Interests,  or
any  interest  therein,  except  for the Lien  provided  for by this  Repurchase
Agreement,  or (iv) enter into any  agreement or  undertaking  providing for the
right or ability of either Seller to sell,  assign or transfer any of the Equity
Interests. Upon the occurrence and continuance of an Event of Default, Buyer may
vote or take any other  shareholder  action as it deems  appropriate in its sole
discretion.  Notwithstanding  any provision in this Repurchase  Agreement to the
contrary,  it is  understood  and agreed  that prior to an Event of Default  the
Buyer  shall  exercise  all  voting,  consent  and other  shareholder  rights in
connection with the election, appointment and removal of directors in accordance
with the Sellers' instructions.

     (c)  Additional  Interests.  If  either  Seller  shall,  as a result of its
interest in an Equity Interest,  become entitled to receive or shall receive any
certificate  evidencing any other equity interest,  any option rights to acquire
an equity interest, or any equity interest in either REIT Subsidiary or CBO REIT
II, as applicable,  whether in addition to, in substitution for, as a conversion
of, or in exchange  for its related  Equity  Interests,  or otherwise in respect
thereof,  such Seller shall accept the same as the Buyer's agent,  hold the same
in trust for the Buyer and deliver the same  forthwith to the Buyer in the exact
form received,  duly endorsed by the Seller to the Buyer, if required,  together
with an undated  transfer power,  if required,  covering such  certificate  duly
executed  in blank,  to be held by the  Buyer  subject  to the  terms  hereof as
Purchased  Assets.

                                      -25-

<PAGE>

     (d)  Liquidation.  Any sums paid upon or in respect of any Equity Interests
upon the  liquidation or  dissolution  of CBO REIT II or either REIT  Subsidiary
shall  be  paid  over  to  the  Buyer  as  Purchased  Assets,  and in  case  any
distribution  of capital shall be made on or in respect of the Equity  Interests
or any  property  shall  be  distributed  upon or  with  respect  to any  Equity
Interests pursuant to the recapitalization or reclassification of the capital of
CBO REIT II or such REIT  Subsidiary to be held as Purchased  Assets,  such sums
shall be paid over to the  Buyer as  Purchased  Assets.  If any sums of money or
property  so paid or  distributed  in respect of any Equity  Interests  shall be
received by either  Seller,  such Seller shall,  until such money or property is
paid or  delivered  to the Buyer,  hold such money or  property in trust for the
Buyer segregated from other funds of such Seller, as Purchased Assets.  All cash
received  by any  party  pursuant  to this  section  shall be  deposited  in the
Collection  Account in the name of CBO REIT II and  applied in  accordance  with
Section 5(e).

     (e) Subject Securities.

     (i) With respect to Subject  Securities  that are  Transaction  Assets that
shall be delivered or held in definitive,  certificated  form, each Seller shall
deliver to the Buyer or its designee the original of the relevant certificate in
form suitable for transfer,  with  accompanying,  duly executed  instruments  of
transfer or appropriate  instruments  of assignment  executed in blank or in the
name of the Buyer or its designee, transfer tax stamps, and any other documents,
opinions,  approvals or  instruments  to effect a legally valid delivery of such
security or other item of investment property to the Buyer,  including,  without
limitation,  a Direction  Letter with respect to each Subject Security and, with
respect to Subject  Securities that are Transaction  Assets,  any  confirmations
from Rating  Agencies  and legal  opinions as deemed  necessary  by the Buyer to
effect any transfer or re-registration  thereof. Each Subject Security that is a
Transaction Asset delivered in certificated form shall be registered in the name
of the Buyer or its  designee,  and the  Buyer or its  designee  shall  have the
rights of  conversion,  exchange  and  subscription  pertaining  to such Subject
Security which is a Transaction  Asset. The Sellers agree to take such action as
is necessary in order to expedite the  re-registration of the Subject Securities
that are Transaction Assets in the name of the Buyer or its designee.

     (ii) With respect to Subject  Securities that are  Transaction  Assets that
shall be delivered or held in uncertificated  form and the ownership of which is
registered on books maintained by the issuer thereof or its transfer agent, each
Seller shall cause the registration of such security for perfection  purposes in
the name of the Buyer or its  designee  and at the  request of the Buyer,  shall
take such other and further steps,  and shall execute and deliver such documents
or  instruments  necessary,  to effect a legally valid  delivery of the security
interest granted therein to Buyer hereunder;

     (iii) With respect to Subject  Securities that are Transaction  Assets that
shall be delivered  through a Relevant System in book-entry form and credited to
or otherwise held in an account,  each Seller shall take such actions  necessary
to provide  instruction to the relevant  financial  institution or other entity,
which instruction shall be sufficient if complied with to effect a legally valid
delivery  of the  security  interest  granted  therein  to Buyer  hereunder.  In
connection  with any account to which such  Subject  Securities  are credited or
otherwise  held,  each Seller  shall  execute and deliver such other and further

                                      -26-

<PAGE>

documents or instruments necessary, in the reasonable opinion of the Buyer,
to effect a legally valid delivery of the security  interest  granted therein to
Buyer hereunder. Any account to which such Subject Securities are credited shall
be designated for perfection purposes as the Buyer may direct;

     (iv) With  respect to Subject  Securities  (A)  registered  in Buyer's name
pursuant to clauses (i) or (ii), the Buyer, as a perfected secured party, or (B)
credited to an account,  pursuant to clause (iii),  the Buyer,  as  "entitlement
holder" (as defined in Section  8-102(a)  of the Uniform  Commercial  Code) with
respect  to such  Subject  Securities  shall be  entitled  to  receive  all cash
dividends  and  distributions  paid in respect  thereof,  all such amounts to be
remitted to the related Collection Account.  Notwithstanding the foregoing,  the
Sellers  shall be  entitled to income  from any  interest  or  proceeds  paid on
account of such Subject Securities in accordance with Section 5(e) hereof.

     (v) With respect to Subject  Securities  held in physical  form pursuant to
clause (i),  each Seller or the  related  REIT  Subsidiary  shall  instruct  the
trustee  to remit all cash  dividends  or other cash  distributions  paid in the
normal course of business,  in respect of the Subject  Securities to the related
Collection  Account.  With respect to any Subject Security  re-registered in the
name of the  Buyer,  the Buyer  shall  instruct  the  trustee  to remit all cash
dividends or other cash distributions paid in the normal course of business,  in
respect of such Subject Securities, to the related Collection Account.

     (vi)  Without  the prior  consent of Buyer,  neither  Seller will (i) sell,
assign,  transfer,  exchange or  otherwise  dispose of, or grant any option with
respect to the Subject  Securities or (ii) create,  incur or permit to exist any
Lien or option in favor of, or any claim of any Person  with  respect to, any of
such Subject Securities,  or any interest therein,  except for the Lien provided
for by  this  Repurchase  Agreement,  or  (iii)  enter  into  any  agreement  or
understanding  restricting the right or ability of either Seller to sell, assign
or transfer any of such Subject Securities.

     (vii) Cash  Dividends;  Voting  Rights.  All cash  dividends  or other cash
distributions  paid in  respect  of the  Subject  Securities  shall be  remitted
directly  into  the  related  Collection  Account.   Subject  to  the  following
provisions,  Buyer shall  exercise all voting rights with respect to the Subject
Securities that constitute Transaction Assets.  Notwithstanding  anything to the
contrary,  absent the occurrence and  continuance of an Event of Default,  Buyer
shall exercise all voting,  consent or other holder's rights with respect to the
Subject  Securities that are Transaction  Assets in accordance with the Sellers'
instructions;  provided,  however that Buyer (A) shall not be required to cast a
vote or  exercise  a  holder's  right or take any other  action  and (B) will be
entitled to vote against any measure, which would be inconsistent with or result
in a violation of any provision of this  Repurchase  Agreement or the Repurchase
Documents. Upon the occurrence and continuance of an Event of Default, Buyer may
vote or take  any  other  holder  action  as it  deems  appropriate  in its sole
discretion.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the applicable REIT Subsidiary shall
retain all voting and other  control  rights with  respect any Subject  Security
that is not a Transaction  Asset.

                                      -27-

<PAGE>

     (f) Buyer's Appointment as Attorney in Fact. Each Seller hereby irrevocably
constitutes  and appoints the Buyer and any officer or agent thereof,  with full
power of  substitution,  as its  true  and  lawful  attorney-in-fact  with  full
irrevocable power and authority in the place and stead of such Seller and in the
name of  such  Seller  or in its  own  name,  from  time to time in the  Buyer's
discretion after the occurrence and continuance of an Event of Default,  for the
purpose of carrying out the terms of this Repurchase Agreement,  to take any and
all  appropriate  action and to execute any and all  documents  and  instruments
which may be  reasonably  necessary or desirable to  accomplish  the purposes of
this  Repurchase  Agreement,   and,  without  limiting  the  generality  of  the
foregoing,  each Seller hereby gives the Buyer the power and right, on behalf of
such Seller,  without assent by, but with notice (which shall be concurrent with
the exercise of such power-of-attorney to the extent possible under the relevant
circumstances)  to, such Seller,  if an Event of Default shall have occurred and
be continuing, to do the following:

     (i) in the name of such Seller,  or in its own name, or otherwise,  to take
possession of and endorse and collect any checks, drafts, notes,  acceptances or
other  instruments  for the  payment  of moneys  due with  respect  to any other
Transaction  Assets  and to file  any  claim  or to take  any  other  action  or
proceeding in any court of law or equity or otherwise deemed  appropriate by the
Buyer for the purpose of collecting  any and all such moneys due with respect to
any other Transaction Assets whenever payable;

     (ii) to pay or discharge  taxes and Liens levied or placed on or threatened
against the Transaction Assets;

     (iii) with respect to the Subject  Securities that are Transaction  Assets,
(A) to register such Subject  Securities in the Buyer's or its designee's  name;
(B) to direct any trustee thereunder as it deems appropriate and (C) to exercise
any voting rights as it deems appropriate;

     (iv) (i) with respect to the Equity  Interests,  (A) to register the Equity
Interests in the Buyer's or its designee's  name; and (B) to exercise any voting
rights as it deems appropriate;

     (v) (A) to direct any party  liable for any payment  under any  Transaction
Assets to make  payment of any and all  moneys  due or to become due  thereunder
directly  to the Buyer or as the Buyer shall  direct;  (B) to ask or demand for,
collect,  receive  payment of and receipt  for,  any and all moneys,  claims and
other  amounts  due or to become due at any time in respect of or arising out of
any  Transaction  Assets;  (C) to sign and  endorse any  invoices,  assignments,
verifications,  notices and other  documents in connection  with any Transaction
Assets;  (D) to commence and prosecute any suits,  actions or proceedings at law
or in equity in any court of competent  jurisdiction  to collect the Transaction
Assets or any proceeds  thereof and to enforce any other right in respect of any
Transaction Assets; (E) to defend any suit, action or proceeding brought against
such Seller with respect to any Transaction Assets; (F) to settle, compromise or
adjust any suit,  action or  proceeding  described  in clause (E) above and,  in
connection therewith,  to give such discharges or releases as the Buyer may deem
appropriate; and (G) generally, to sell, transfer, pledge and make any agreement
with respect to or otherwise

                                      -28-

<PAGE>

deal with any  Transaction  Assets as fully and  completely  as though  the
Buyer  were the  absolute  owner  thereof  for all  purposes,  and to do, at the
Buyer's option and the Sellers' expense, at any time, and from time to time, all
acts and things which the Buyer deems necessary to protect,  preserve or realize
upon the  Transaction  Assets and the  Buyer's  Liens  thereon and to effect the
intent of this  Repurchase  Agreement,  all as fully and  effectively  as either
Seller might do.

     Each Seller hereby  ratifies all that said  attorneys  shall lawfully do or
cause to be done by virtue  hereof.  This power of attorney  is a power  coupled
with an interest and shall be irrevocable.

     Each Seller also  authorizes  the Buyer,  if an Event of Default shall have
occurred,  from time to time, to execute,  in connection  with any sale provided
for in Section 14 hereof, any endorsements,  assignments or other instruments of
conveyance or transfer with respect to the Transaction Assets.

     The powers  conferred  on the Buyer  hereunder  are  solely to protect  the
Buyer's  interests in the Transaction  Assets and shall not impose any duty upon
it to exercise any such powers.  The Buyer shall be accountable only for amounts
that it  actually  receives  as a result of the  exercise  of such  powers,  and
neither it nor any of its  officers,  directors,  employees  or agents  shall be
responsible to either Seller for any act or failure to act hereunder, except for
its or their own gross  negligence  or willful  misconduct  or its breach of its
covenant set forth in Section  12.02 hereof.

     (g) REIT Matters.  Notwithstanding  any other  provision in this Repurchase
Agreement to the  contrary,  it is understood  and agreed by the parties  hereto
that neither Seller has (a)  authorized  Buyer to, (b) agreed that Buyer may, or
(c) agreed to facilitate, any action that would result in either REIT Subsidiary
or either  issuer of  Subject  Securities  (other  than the  Nomura  Securities)
ceasing to be a Qualified REIT Subsidiary.

                                    Section 9.

                          PAYMENT, TRANSFER AND CUSTODY

     (a) Unless otherwise mutually agreed in writing,  all transfers of funds to
be made by the  Sellers  hereunder  shall  be made in  Dollars,  in  immediately
available funds, without deduction, set-off or counterclaim, to the Buyer at the
following  account  maintained  by the  Buyer:  BANK  ONE NA  CHGO/Bear  Stearns
ABA#071000013,  Acct: MBS A/C # 5801230 Attn: Steve Grillo, on the date on which
such payment  shall become due (and each such payment made after such time shall
be deemed to have been made on the next  succeeding  Business Day).  Each Seller
acknowledges that it has no rights of withdrawal from the foregoing account.

     (b) On the Purchase  Date for the  Transaction,  ownership of the Purchased
Assets  shall  be  transferred  to  the  Buyer  or  its  designee   against  the
simultaneous  transfer  of the  Purchase  Price as  required  under  the  Escrow
Agreement  simultaneously with the delivery to the Buyer of the Purchased Assets
relating to the Transaction.  With respect to the Purchased Assets being sold by
a Seller on the Purchase Date, such Seller hereby sells, transfers,  conveys and
assigns to

                                      -29-

<PAGE>

Buyer or its designee,  without recourse,  but subject to the terms of this
Repurchase Agreement, all the right, title and interest of such Seller in and to
the Purchased  Assets in all cases subject to the rights and  obligations of the
Sellers under Section 3(c) of this Repurchase Agreement.

                                   Section 10.

                                 COMMITMENT Fee

     The Sellers shall pay to Buyer in immediately available funds, a commitment
fee of (a) 0.50%  multiplied by (b) the Purchase  Price,  which shall be paid on
the Purchase  Date as set forth in the Escrow  Agreement.  Such payment shall be
made in Dollars, in immediately  available funds, without deduction,  set-off or
counterclaim, to Buyer at such account designated by Buyer.

                                   Section 11.

                                 REPRESENTATIONS

     (1) Each Seller jointly and severally  represents and warrants to the Buyer
that as of the date of this  Repurchase  Agreement  or such other date set forth
below,  except in each case as  specifically  set forth in that  certain  letter
dated as of the date of this  Repurchase  Agreement and delivered by the Sellers
to the Buyer,  a copy of which is  attached  hereto as Exhibit G (the  "Sellers'
Letter"):

     (a) Acting as  Principal.  Each Seller will  engage in the  Transaction  as
principal  (or, if agreed in writing in advance of the  Transaction by the other
party hereto, as agent for a disclosed principal).

     (b) No Broker. Neither Seller has dealt with any broker, investment banker,
agent,  or other  person,  except  for the  Buyer,  who may be  entitled  to any
commission  or  compensation  in  connection  with the sale of Purchased  Assets
pursuant to this Repurchase Agreement.

     (c) Financial  Information.  All financial data (other than projections and
pro forma financial information) concerning the Equity Interests and the Subject
Securities  that has been  delivered  by or on behalf of the Sellers to Buyer in
connection  with the Transaction  was, at the time so delivered,  correct in all
material  respects,  and all projections and pro forma financial  information so
delivered  were based on good faith  estimates and  assumptions  believed by the
related  Seller to be reasonable at the time when made.  All balance  sheets and
statements  of cash flows of the  Guarantor  and its  consolidated  Subsidiaries
constituting  part of the  consolidated  financial  statements  contained in (a)
Guarantor's  annual  reports on Form 10-K for the years ended  December 31, 2001
and (b) Guarantor's  quarterly reports on Form 10-Q for the first three quarters
of the  year  ended  December  31,  2002,  in each  case as  filed  with the SEC
(collectively,  the "Recent Financial Statements"),  were prepared in conformity
with GAAP except as set forth therein.  Since September 30, 2002, there has been
no material adverse change in the consolidated business, operations or financial
condition of the Guarantor and its  consolidated  Subsidiaries  taken as a whole
from that set forth in the Recent Financial Statements

                                      -30-

<PAGE>

nor is either Seller aware of any state of facts which  (without  notice or
the lapse of time) would or could result in any such material  adverse change or
could have a Material  Adverse  Effect.  None of the  Guarantor or either Seller
has,  on the date of this  Repurchase  Agreement,  any  liabilities,  direct  or
indirect,  fixed or  contingent,  matured or  unmatured,  known or  unknown,  or
liabilities  for  taxes,  long-term  leases  or  unusual  forward  or  long-term
commitments  not  disclosed  by, or reserved  against in, said Recent  Financial
Statements  (except  (a)  liabilities  that have  arisen  since the date of such
Recent  Financial  Statements  in the  ordinary  course of business and that are
similar in nature and amount to the liabilities that arose during the comparable
period of time in the  immediately  preceding  fiscal  period,  (b)  liabilities
incurred in the ordinary  course of business that are not required by GAAP to be
reflected  on  such  Recent  Financial  Statements  and  that  are  not,  in the
aggregate,  material,  and (c)  liabilities  assumed  pursuant to the Repurchase
Documents,  Brascan Loan  Documents  and the  Investment  Agreement,  and at the
present time there are no material  unrealized  or  anticipated  losses from any
loans,  advances or other  commitments  of either  Seller  except as  heretofore
disclosed to the Buyer in writing.

     (d) Organization, Etc. Newco is a limited liability company duly organized,
validly  existing and in good standing  under the laws of the State of Delaware.
CBO  REIT II is a  corporation  duly  organized,  validly  existing  and in good
standing  under  the laws of the  State of  Maryland.  Each  Seller  (a) has all
requisite  corporate  or  other  power,  and  has  all  governmental   licenses,
authorizations,  consents and approvals necessary to own its assets and carry on
its business as now being or as proposed to be conducted; (b) is qualified to do
business and is in good standing in all other  jurisdictions in which the nature
of the business conducted by it makes such qualification  necessary; and (c) has
full power and authority to execute,  deliver and perform its obligations  under
the Repurchase Documents. CBO REIT II is qualified as a REIT.

     (e)  REIT  Subsidiary  Organization.  CRIIMI  CMBS  is a  corporation  duly
organized,  validly  existing and in good  standing  under the laws of Delaware.
CRIIMI  QRS1 is a  corporation  duly  organized,  validly  existing  and in good
standing  under the laws of Delaware.  Each REIT  Subsidiary is a Qualified REIT
Subsidiary.

     (f) Authorization,  Compliance, Etc. The execution and delivery (subject to
the provisions of the Escrow  Agreement) of, and the  performance by each Seller
of its obligations  under,  the Repurchase  Documents to which it is a party (a)
are within such Seller's powers,  (b) have been duly authorized by all requisite
action,  (c) do not violate any provision of applicable law, rule or regulation,
or any  order,  writ,  injunction  or decree of any court or other  Governmental
Authority,  or its organizational  documents,  (d) do not violate any indenture,
agreement,   document  or  instrument  to  which  such  Seller  or  any  of  its
consolidated  Subsidiaries  is a party,  or by which any of them or any of their
properties,  any of the  Transaction  Assets or Subject  Securities  (including,
without  limitation,  the Securitization  Documents) is bound or to which any of
them is subject,  (e) are not in conflict with, do not result in a breach of, or
constitute (with due notice or lapse of time or both) a default under, or except
as may be  provided  by any  Repurchase  Document,  result  in the  creation  or
imposition  of any Lien upon any of the property or assets of such Seller or any
of its  consolidated  Subsidiaries  pursuant to, any such indenture,  agreement,
document or instrument and (f) will not result in CBO REIT II ceasing to qualify
as a REIT or either  REIT  Subsidiary  ceasing to qualify  as a  Qualified  REIT
Subsidiary.  Neither  Seller is  required  to obtain any  consent,  approval  or
authorization   from,  or  to  file  any  declaration  or  statement  with,  any
Governmental Authority in connection with or as a

                                      -31-


<PAGE>

condition to the  consummation of the Transaction  contemplated  herein and
the execution,  delivery or performance of the Repurchase  Documents to which it
is a party.

     (g) Litigation.  There are no actions, suits, arbitrations,  investigations
(including,  without  limitation,  any of the foregoing which are pending or, to
the  Knowledge  of  the  Sellers,  threatened)  or  other  legal  or  arbitrable
proceedings affecting either Seller or any of their consolidated Subsidiaries or
affecting any of the  Transaction  Assets or any of the other  properties of the
Seller before any  Governmental  Authority which (i) questions or challenges the
validity or enforceability of the Repurchase Documents or any action to be taken
in connection with the transactions  contemplated  hereby, (ii) makes a claim or
claims in an aggregate amount greater than $1,000,000,  (iii) individually or in
the aggregate, if adversely determined, would have a Material Adverse Effect, or
(iv) requires filing with the SEC in accordance with its regulations.


     (h) Purchased Assets; Equity Interest.

     (i) As of the Purchase  Date,  neither  Seller has  assigned,  pledged,  or
otherwise  conveyed or encumbered any Purchased Assets to any other Person,  and
immediately prior to the sale of such Purchased Assets to the Buyer, the related
Seller was the sole owner of such  Purchased  Assets and had good and marketable
title thereto,  free and clear of all Liens, in each case except for Liens to be
released simultaneously with the sale to the Buyer hereunder.

     (ii)  As of the  Purchase  Date,  the  related  Seller  is the  record  and
beneficial owner of, and has title to, the Equity Interests, free of any and all
Liens or options in favor of, or claims  of, any other  Person,  except the Lien
created herein.

     (iii) As of the  Purchase  Date,  all consents to the grant of the security
interests provided herein to the related Seller and to the Transaction  provided
for herein have been obtained and are in full force and effect.

     (iv) As of the Purchase Date, upon the  registration  into the name of, and
delivery to, the Buyer of the stock certificates evidencing the Equity Interests
(and assuming the  continuing  possession by the Buyer of such  certificates  in
accordance with the requirements of applicable law), the Lien granted  hereunder
will constitute a legal,  perfected first priority Lien on the Equity  Interests
evidenced by such stock certificates,  enforceable as such against all creditors
of each Seller and any Persons  purporting to purchase any Transaction Assets of
the related Seller.

     (v) The  provisions  of this  Repurchase  Agreement are effective to either
constitute,  as of the Purchase Date, a sale of Transaction  Assets to the Buyer
or to create in favor of the Buyer a valid security interest in all right, title
and interest of each Seller in, to and under the Transaction Assets.

     (vi) Valid  Issuance of Equity  Interests,  etc. The  authorized and issued
capital  stock of CBO REIT II  consists  of 1,000  shares of  authorized  common
stock,  1,000  shares of which are  issued  and  outstanding,  and 499 shares of
authorized preferred stock, 499 shares of which are issued and outstanding.  The
authorized and issued capital stock of

                                      -32-

<PAGE>

CRIIMI CMBS  consists of 1,000 shares of  authorized  common  stock,  1,000
shares of which are issued and  outstanding.  The  authorized and issued capital
stock of CRIIMI QRS1  consists of 100 shares of  authorized  common  stock,  100
shares of which are  issued and  outstanding.  The  Equity  Interests  have been
validly issued and are fully paid and non-assessable.  The Equity Interests have
been offered,  issued and sold in  compliance  with (or pursuant to an available
exemption from) all applicable securities laws.

     (vii) No Options, Warrants, etc. There are no outstanding rights, rights to
acquire,  options,  warrants,  agreements to issue or any other  agreements that
would entitle any Person to purchase or otherwise  acquire all or any portion of
the Equity Interests.

     (viii) Securities  Exchange.  None of the Equity Interests (i) are dealt in
or traded on securities exchanges,  (ii) are by their terms expressly subject to
Article 8 of the Uniform  Commercial Code of any jurisdiction,  (iii) constitute
an investment company security or (iv) are held in a securities account (in each
case within the meaning of Section 8-103(c) of the Uniform Commercial Code).

     (i) Chief Executive  Office/Jurisdiction  of Organization.  On the Purchase
Date,  Newco's  chief  executive  office  is,  and has  been,  located  at 11200
Rockville Pike,  Rockville,  MD 20852. Newco's sole jurisdiction of organization
is, and at all times has been, the State of Delaware.  On the Purchase Date, CBO
REIT II's chief  executive  office is, and has been,  located at 11200 Rockville
Pike,  Rockville,  MD 20852. CBO REIT II's sole jurisdiction of organization is,
and at all times has been,  the State of Maryland.  Neither Seller has any trade
name.  During the preceding five years,  neither Seller has not been known by or
done business under any other name, corporate or fictitious.

     (j) Location of Books and Records. The location where each Seller keeps its
current  books and records,  including  all records  related to the  Transaction
Assets, is its chief executive office.

     (k)  Enforceability.  This  Repurchase  Agreement  and  all  of  the  other
Repurchase  Documents  executed  and  delivered  by each  Seller  in  connection
herewith  are  legal,  valid and  binding  obligations  of such  Seller  and are
enforceable  against such Seller in  accordance  with their terms except as such
enforceability  may be limited by (i) the effect of any  applicable  bankruptcy,
insolvency,  reorganization,  moratorium  or similar  laws  affecting  creditors
rights generally and (ii) general principles of equity.


     (l)  Ability to Perform.  Neither  Seller  believes,  nor has any reason or
cause to believe,  that it cannot perform each and every  covenant  contained in
the Repurchase Documents to which it is a party on its part to be performed

     (m) No  Default.  No  Default  or  Event of  Default  has  occurred  and is
continuing.

     (n) Indebtedness. Neither Seller has any Indebtedness for borrowed money.

     (o) Accurate and Complete Disclosure.  The information,  reports, financial
statements,  exhibits and schedules furnished in writing by or on behalf of each
Seller and the Guarantor to the Buyer in connection with the  Transaction,  when
taken as a whole,  do not

                                      -33-

<PAGE>

contain any untrue statement of material fact or omit to state any material
fact  necessary  to make  the  statements  herein  or  therein,  in light of the
circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

     (p) Margin Regulations.  The use of all funds acquired by the Sellers under
this  Repurchase   Agreement  will  not  conflict  with  or  contravene  any  of
Regulations  T, U or X  promulgated  by the Board of  Governors  of the  Federal
Reserve  System as the same may from time to time be  amended,  supplemented  or
otherwise modified.

     (q)  Investment  Company.  Neither  Seller  nor any of  their  Subsidiaries
(including,  without  limitation,  either  REIT  Subsidiary)  is an  "investment
company" or a company "controlled" by an "investment company" within the meaning
of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

     (r) Solvency.  As of the Purchase Date and immediately  after giving effect
to the Transaction,  the fair value of the assets of each Seller is greater than
the fair value of the liabilities  (including,  without  limitation,  contingent
liabilities  if and to the extent  required to be recorded as a liability on the
financial  statements of such Seller in accordance with GAAP) of such Seller and
each Seller is solvent and, after giving effect to the transactions contemplated
by this Repurchase  Agreement and the other  Repurchase  Documents,  will not be
rendered  insolvent  or left with an  unreasonably  small amount of capital with
which to conduct  its  business  and  perform its  obligations.  Neither  Seller
intends to incur, nor believes that it has incurred, debts beyond its ability to
pay such debts as they mature.  Neither Seller is contemplating the commencement
of an insolvency,  bankruptcy,  liquidation,  or consolidation proceeding or the
appointment of a receiver, liquidator, conservator, trustee, or similar official
in respect of itself or any of its property.

     (s) Taxes.

     (i) CBO REIT II is and has been at all  times  since  its  incorporation  a
REIT,  and  each  REIT  Subsidiary  is and  has  been  at all  times  since  its
incorporation a Qualified REIT Subsidiary.

     (ii)  Newco  is and  has  been  at  all  times  since  its  organization  a
disregarded  entity  treated as a part of the Guarantor  for federal  income tax
purposes.

     (iii)  Each  Seller and each  issuer of the  Purchased  Assets and  Subject
Securities  (other  than the Nomura  Securities)  has timely  filed all  Federal
income tax returns and all other  material  tax returns  that are required to be
filed by them and has timely  paid all Taxes  due,  except for any such Taxes as
are being  appropriately  contested  in good  faith by  appropriate  proceedings
diligently  conducted  and with  respect to which  adequate  reserves  have been
provided.  The  charges,  accruals  and reserves on the books of each Seller and
each issuer of a Subject Security (other than the Nomura  Securities) in respect
of Taxes and other governmental charges are adequate.

     (iv) None of the issuers of the Subject  Securities  (other than the Nomura
Securities) are or have been subject to U.S.  federal income tax on a net income
basis, or any other material tax, duty or other governmental charge.

                                      -34-

<PAGE>

     (t) No  Reliance.  Each Seller has made its own  independent  decisions  to
enter into the Repurchase  Documents and the  Transaction and as to whether such
Transaction  is  appropriate  and proper for it based upon its own  judgment and
upon advice from such advisors (including without limitation,  legal counsel and
accountants)  as it has deemed  necessary.  Neither  Seller is relying  upon any
advice  from  Buyer  as to any  aspect  of the  Transaction,  including  without
limitation, the legal, accounting or tax treatment of such Transaction.

     (u) Use of Purchase  Price.  As of the Purchase  Date,  the Purchase  Price
shall be used  exclusively  by the Sellers to extinguish or defease the Existing
Indebtedness and pay the fees and expenses of the Buyer and its counsel.

     (v) Investment Agreement  Representations.  Each representation or warranty
of the Guarantor set forth in the Investment Agreement will be true and correct,
subject to any qualifications contained in such representation or warranty.

     Section 11.02 Buyer  Representation.  The Buyer  represents and warrants to
the Sellers that as of the date of this  Repurchase  Agreement,  this Repurchase
Agreement and all of the other  Repurchase  Documents  executed and delivered by
the Buyer in connection herewith are legal, valid and binding obligations of the
Buyer and are  enforceable  against  the Buyer in  accordance  with their  terms
except as such enforceability may be limited by (i) the effect of any applicable
bankruptcy,  insolvency,  reorganization,  moratorium or similar laws  affecting
creditors rights generally and (ii) general principles of equity.

                                    Section 12.

                                    COVENANTS

     On  and as of  the  date  of  this  Repurchase  Agreement  and  until  this
Repurchase Agreement is no longer in force with respect to the Transaction, each
Seller jointly and severally covenants as follows:


     (a) Preservation of Existence; Compliance with Law. Each Seller shall:

     (i)  Preserve  and  maintain  its legal  existence  and all of its material
rights,  privileges,  licenses and franchises necessary for the operation of its
business;

     (ii)  CBO  REIT II shall  maintain  its  status  as a REIT,  and each  REIT
Subsidiary shall maintain its status as a Qualified REIT Subsidiary;

     (iii)  Comply  with  the  requirements  of  all  applicable  laws,   rules,
regulations  and  orders,   whether  now  in  effect  or  hereafter  enacted  or
promulgated  by  any  applicable  Governmental  Authority  (including,   without
limitation, all environmental laws) in all material respects;

     (iv) Maintain all licenses,  permits or other approvals  necessary for such
Seller  to  conduct  its  business  and to  perform  its  obligations  under the
Repurchase Documents, and shall conduct its business strictly in accordance with
applicable law; and

                                      -35-

<PAGE>

     (v) Permit  representatives of the Buyer, upon reasonable notice (unless an
Event of Default shall have occurred and is continuing,  in which case, no prior
notice shall be required),  during normal business  hours, to examine,  copy and
make extracts from its books and records, to inspect any of its Properties,  and
to  discuss  its  business  and  affairs  with its  officers,  all to the extent
reasonably  requested  by the  Buyer,  subject  to the  provisions  set forth in
Section 16 hereof and applicable law.

     (b) Taxes, Etc.

     (i) Each  Seller  shall  timely pay and  discharge  or cause to be paid and
discharged,  when due all Taxes imposed upon it and the issuers of the Purchased
Assets and Subject  Securities  (other than the Nomura  Securities)  upon its or
their income and profits, and upon any of its or their property,  real, personal
or mixed (including without limitation, the Transaction Assets) or upon any part
thereof,  as well as any other lawful  claims which,  if unpaid,  might become a
Lien upon such properties or any part thereof.

     (ii) Each Seller and the issuer of the  Transaction  Assets shall file on a
timely basis all federal,  state and local tax and information returns,  reports
and any other information  statements or schedules required to be filed by or in
respect of it and pay all Taxes,  except for any such Taxes as are appropriately
contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted and with
respect to which adequate reserves are provided.

     (iii)  CBO REIT II shall not fail to  qualify  as REIT from the date of its
incorporation  and shall remain a REIT, and each REIT Subsidiary  shall remain a
Qualified REIT Subsidiary.

     (iv) The transfer of assets from CBO REIT, Inc., a Maryland corporation, to
CBO  REIT II on or  prior to the  Purchase  Date  does  not  cause  either  REIT
Subsidiary  to fail to  qualify  as a  Qualified  REIT  Subsidiary  or cause any
Subject  Securities  to be  treated  as assets of a  corporation  which is not a
Qualified REIT Subsidiary.

     (v)  Newco  shall  remain a  disregarded  entity  treated  as a part of the
Guarantor for federal income tax purposes.

     (vi) To the Knowledge of each Seller, each of the Sellers is fully eligible
to make a claim under, and all payments under this Repurchase  Agreement will be
entitled  to, the  benefits of the "Other  Income"  provision  of the income tax
treaty  between the United  States and the United  Kingdom  with  respect to any
payment  received  or to be received by it in  connection  with this  Repurchase
Agreement,  and no such payments are attributable to a trade or business carried
on by it through a permanent establishment in the United Kingdom.

     (vii) None of the issuers of the Subject  Securities (other than the Nomura
Securities)  shall be subject to U.S.  federal income tax on a net tax basis, or
any other material tax, duty or other governmental charge.

                                      -36-

<PAGE>

     (c) Notice of Proceedings or Adverse Change.  Each Seller shall give notice
to the  Buyer  immediately  after a  Responsible  Officer  of a  Seller  has any
knowledge of:

     (i) the occurrence of any Default or Event of Default;

     (ii) any litigation or proceeding that is pending or threatened against (a)
either Seller in which the amount involved  exceeds  $100,000 and is not covered
by insurance,  in which injunctive or similar relief is sought, or which,  would
reasonably be expected to have a Material  Adverse Effect and (b) any litigation
or  proceeding  that is  pending or  threatened  in  connection  with any of the
Transaction Assets, which, if adversely determined, would reasonably be expected
to have a Material Adverse Effect;

     (iii) with  thirty  days  advance  notice of any change in either  Seller's
name, principal office or place of business or jurisdiction;

     (iv) and, as soon as  reasonably  possible,  notice of any of the following
events:

     (A) any  material  change in  accounting  policies or  financial  reporting
practices of either Seller; and

     (B)  promptly  upon  receipt of notice or knowledge of any Lien or security
interest  (other  than  security  interests  created  hereby  or under any other
Repurchase  Document)  on, or claim  asserted  against,  any of the  Transaction
Assets; and

     (v) Promptly,  but no later than five (5) Business Days after either Seller
receives  any of the same,  deliver to the Buyer a true,  complete,  and correct
copy of any material  schedule,  report,  notice, or any other material document
delivered to the Seller by any Person pursuant to, or in connection with, any of
the Transaction Assets.

     (d) Financial Reporting. Sellers shall furnish to the Buyer:

     (i) When and to the extent such information  shall be made available to the
general  public,  all  publicly  filed  financial  information  with  respect to
Guarantor and its consolidated Subsidiaries;

     (ii)  Promptly  (and in any  event  not later  than two (2)  Business  Days
following   receipt  thereof  by  either  Seller  or  any  of  its  consolidated
Subsidiaries)  deliver  to  Buyer  a  copy  of (i)  any  written  notice  of the
occurrence  of  an  event  of  default  or  other   material   event  under  any
Securitization  Document relating to any of the Subject Securities,  (ii) unless
otherwise  instructed by Buyer in writing,  any material  report  received by or
required  to  be  delivered  by  either  Seller  or  any  of  its   consolidated
Subsidiaries  pursuant to any such Securitization  Document (other than any such
reports included in the monthly  reporting  package referred to in Section 12(n)
and (iii) unless otherwise instructed by Buyer in writing, any written notice of
transfer of servicing  and/or special  servicing  under any such  Securitization
Document; and

                                      -37-

<PAGE>

     (iii)  Promptly,  from  time to  time,  such  other  information  and  data
regarding  the  business  affairs,  operations  and  financial  condition of the
Sellers and the REIT  Subsidiaries  or the Subject  Securities  as the Buyer may
reasonably request.

     (e)  Reimbursement  of Expenses.  The Sellers shall promptly  reimburse the
Buyer for all expenses as the same are  incurred by the Buyer as  required,  and
subject to the Initial Transaction Cap set forth in Section 15(d) hereof.

     (f) Further Assurances.  Each Seller shall execute and deliver to the Buyer
all further documents,  financing  statements,  agreements and instruments,  and
take all further action that may be required under  applicable  law, or that the
Buyer  may  reasonably   request,   in  order  to  effectuate  the  transactions
contemplated  by this  Repurchase  Agreement  and the  Repurchase  Documents or,
without limiting any of the foregoing,  to grant, preserve,  protect and perfect
the validity and first-priority of the security interests created or intended to
be created  hereby.  From and after the Purchase Date,  each Seller shall do all
things necessary to preserve the Transaction  Assets so that they remain subject
to a first priority perfected security interest hereunder.  Without limiting the
foregoing, each Seller will comply with all rules,  regulations,  and other laws
of any  Governmental  Authority and cause the Transaction  Assets to comply with
all applicable rules, regulations and other laws. Each Seller will not allow any
default for which such  Seller is  responsible  to occur  under any  Transaction
Assets or any  Repurchase  Document and each Seller shall fully perform or cause
to be performed when due all of its obligations under any Transaction  Assets or
the Repurchase Documents.

     (g)  True  and  Correct  Information.  All  written  information,  reports,
exhibits, schedules,  financial statements or certificates of each Seller or any
of  their  Affiliates  thereof  or any of  their  officers  furnished  to  Buyer
hereunder and furnished to Buyer during Buyer's diligence of the Sellers will be
true and complete and will not omit to disclose any material facts  necessary to
make the statements  therein or therein,  in light of the circumstances in which
they are made, not misleading.  All required financial  statements,  information
and  reports to be  delivered  by the  Sellers to the SEC shall be  prepared  in
accordance  with  GAAP,  or  if  applicable,   the  appropriate  SEC  accounting
requirements.

     (h) Books and  Records.  Each  Seller  shall,  to the  extent  practicable,
maintain and  implement  administrative  and  operating  procedures  (including,
without  limitation,  an ability to recreate records  evidencing the Transaction
Assets in the event of the destruction of the originals  thereof),  and keep and
maintain or obtain,  as and when  required,  all documents,  books,  records and
other  information  reasonably  necessary or advisable for the collection of all
Transaction Assets.

     (i)  Illegal  Activities.  Neither  Seller  shall  engage in any conduct or
activity that could subject its assets to forfeiture or seizure.

     (j)  Material  Change in Business.  Neither  Seller shall make any material
change in the nature of its business as carried on at the date hereof.

     (k) Disposition of Assets; Liens. From and after the Purchase Date, neither
Seller shall create, incur or assume any mortgage, pledge, Lien, charge or other
encumbrance of any

                                      -38-

<PAGE>

nature whatsoever on any of the Transaction Assets,  whether real, personal
or mixed,  now or hereafter  owned,  other than the Liens  created in connection
with the transactions  contemplated by this Repurchase  Agreement or in the case
of the Subject Securities, the related indentures; nor shall either Seller cause
or  allow  any  of  the  Purchased  Assets  to be  sold,  pledged,  assigned  or
transferred.

     (l)  Transactions  with  Affiliates.  Neither  Seller  shall enter into any
transaction,  including,  without  limitation,  the  purchase,  sale,  lease  or
exchange of property or assets or the rendering or accepting of any service with
any Affiliate,  unless such transaction is (a) not otherwise  prohibited in this
Repurchase  Agreement,  (b) in the ordinary course of such Seller's business and
(c) upon fair and reasonable terms no less favorable to such Seller, as the case
may be, than it would obtain in a comparable  arm's  length  transaction  with a
Person which is not an Affiliate.

     (m) ERISA Matters. Each Seller represents and covenants that as of the date
hereof  and for so long as it is a party to this  Agreement  or any  Transaction
hereunder,  it is not,  and it is not using the assets of, an  employee  benefit
plan  subject to Section  406 of ERISA,  a plan  subject to Section  4975 of the
Code,  a plan  subject to another  law,  regulation  or  restriction  materially
similar to Section  406 of ERISA or Section  4975 of the Code,  or an entity the
assets of which  constitute  assets of any such plans by reason of investment by
such plans in the entity  (including for this purpose,  the general account of a
life insurance  company),  because no class of equity interest in such Seller is
held to the  extent  of 25 % or  more  (as  measured  by  value)  by one or more
so-called  "benefit plan  investors",  after  disregarding the interests in such
Seller held by certain controlling  persons, or because of another exception set
forth in U. S.  Department of Labor  Regulation  Section  2510.3-101  (the "Plan
Assets Regulation").  The parties hereto agree that the foregoing representation
and  covenant  and the  terms  used  therein  shall be  interpreted  in a manner
consistent with the Plan Assets Regulation.

     (n) Asset Reports.  Monthly, or with such greater frequency as requested by
the Buyer, the Seller will furnish to Buyer Subject Securities  performance data
in the form of Exhibit F hereto,  including,  without  limitation,  (i)  trustee
reports  for the  Subject  Securities,  (ii)  CMSLP-prepared  reports:  (a) CMBS
monthly performance reports, (b) assets under review (AUR) reports, (c) monetary
defaults  added to  special  servicing,  (d)  schedule  of  realized  losses and
appraisal  reduction events, and (e) corrected loan report; and (iii) such other
reports as may be reasonably  requested by the Buyer from time to time. Monthly,
the  Sellers  will  furnish to Buyer  information  describing  any other  event,
circumstance or condition that has resulted,  or has a possibility of resulting,
in the Sellers' good faith discretion, in a Material Adverse Effect.

     (o) No Amendment to  Securitization  Documents.  Neither  Seller shall,  or
permit  either  REIT   Subsidiary  to,  consent  or  assent  to  any  amendment,
modification  or  termination  of  any   Securitization   Document  directly  or
indirectly  relating to any of the Subject Securities (in each case other than a
purely  ministerial  amendment or  modification),  without the prior  written of
consent of Buyer.

     (p) CBO REIT II Stock.  Newco  shall not permit CBO REIT II to and CBO REIT
II shall not issue any stock or other securities in addition to, in substitution
for, upon conversion or exchange or, or otherwise in respect of, the CBO REIT II
Purchased  Stock in each case  unless

                                      -39-

<PAGE>

such stock or other securities (A) are delivered to the Buyer as Additional
Assets,  and (B)  are  issued  in  certificated  form;  provided,  however  that
concurrent  with the issuance of the CBO REIT II Purchased  Stock to Newco,  CBO
REIT II shall issue ninety nine (99) shares of preferred stock to the Guarantor.
The  Guarantor  shall use such  ninety nine (99)  shares of  preferred  stock to
satisfy  the REIT 100  shareholder  requirement  within  the time  specified  in
Section 856 of the Code.

     (q) CRIIMI  CMBS;  CRIIMI  QRS1.  CBO REIT II shall not permit  either REIT
Subsidiary  to,  (i) issue  any stock or other  securities  in  addition  to, in
substitution  for,  upon  conversion or exchange or, or otherwise in respect of,
the CRIIMI CMBS  Purchased  Stock or CRIIMI QRS1 Purchased  Stock,  in each case
unless  such  stock  or  other  securities  (A) are  delivered  to the  Buyer as
Purchased  Assets,  and (B) are issued in  certificated  form,  (ii) directly or
indirectly sell,  transfer,  assign or otherwise dispose of, or create, incur or
permit to exist any Lien upon,  any  interest in any of the  Subject  Securities
held by it or for the benefit of any Person,  (iii) engage in any business other
than  as  provided  for in its  organizational  documents  as in  effect  on the
Purchase  Date,  (iv) fail to comply  with the  separateness  provisions  of its
organizational  documents  as in effect on the Purchase  Date,  or (v) amend its
related organizational documents.

     (r) No Options, Warrants, etc. Neither Seller shall, nor permit either REIT
Subsidiary  to,  issue  any  rights,  rights  to  acquire,  options,   warrants,
agreements  to issue or any other  agreements  that would  entitle any Person to
purchase or otherwise  acquire all or any portion of the Equity Interests (other
than as expressly permitted in writing by the Buyer).

     (s) Most  Favored  Status.  In the event that either  Seller  enters into a
repurchase arrangement, credit facility or similar financing arrangement secured
directly  or  indirectly  by  non-investment  grade  commercial  mortgage-backed
securities  with any Person other than Buyer or an Affiliate  which by its terms
is more favorable to such other Person with respect to grace periods  related to
any margin requirement, financial covenants, Events of Default, or grace periods
or remedies with respect to Events of Default, the terms of this Agreement shall
be deemed  automatically  amended  to include  each  additional  more  favorable
provision  contained in such other  agreement with no further action required on
the part of the Sellers or the Buyer.

     (t)  Separateness.  Each Seller shall (a) not own any assets,  or engage in
any business,  other than the assets and business  specifically  contemplated by
this Repurchase Agreement; (b) not incur any Indebtedness or obligation, secured
or unsecured, direct or indirect, absolute or contingent (including guaranteeing
any obligation),  other than pursuant to the Repurchase Documents;  (c) not make
any loans or advances to any third party,  and shall not acquire  obligations or
securities of its Affiliates;  (d) pay its debts and liabilities (including,  as
applicable,  shared  personnel and overhead  expenses) only from its own assets;
(e)  comply  with the  provisions  of its  organizational  documents  (including
articles of  formation  and  by-laws);  (f) do all things  necessary  to observe
organizational  formalities and to preserve its existence,  and shall not amend,
modify or otherwise change its organizational  documents  (including articles of
formation  and  by-laws),  or suffer same to be amended,  modified or  otherwise
changed,  without the prior  written  consent of Buyer;  (g) maintain all of its
books,  records,  financial  statements and bank accounts separate from those of
its Affiliates;  (h) be, and at all times will hold itself out to the public as,
a legal  entity  separate  and distinct  from any other  entity  (including  any
Affiliate),  correct  any  known  misunderstanding  regarding  its  status  as a
separate entity, conduct business in

                                      -40-

<PAGE>

its own name, not identify itself or any of its Affiliates as a division or
part of the other and shall maintain and utilize a separate telephone number and
separate stationery,  invoices and checks; (i) maintain adequate capital for the
normal  obligations  reasonably  foreseeable  in a  business  of  its  size  and
character and in light of its contemplated  business operations;  (j) not engage
in or suffer  any  Change of  Control,  dissolution,  winding  up,  liquidation,
consolidation  or merger  in whole or in part;  (k) not  commingle  its funds or
other assets with those of any Affiliate or any other  Person;  (l) maintain its
assets in such a manner that it will not be difficult to segregate, ascertain or
identify its individual  assets from those of any Affiliate or any other Person;
(m) not hold itself out to be  responsible  for the debts or  obligations of any
other  Person;  (n) cause each of its direct and  indirect  owners to agree (and
Newco hereby agrees) to (i) not file or consent to the filing of any bankruptcy,
insolvency or  reorganization  case or proceeding  with respect to Sellers;  not
institute any proceedings under any applicable  insolvency law or otherwise seek
any relief under any laws relating to the relief from debts or the protection of
debtors  generally  with  respect  to  Sellers,  (ii) not seek or consent to the
appointment  of  a  receiver,   liquidator,   assignee,  trustee,  sequestrator,
custodian or any similar  official for Sellers or a  substantial  portion of its
properties;  or (iii) not make any assignment for the benefit of either Seller's
creditors;  and (o) agree  (and each  Seller  hereby  agrees) to (i) not file or
consent to the filing of any bankruptcy,  insolvency or  reorganization  case or
proceeding with respect to either REIT Subsidiary; not institute any proceedings
under any applicable  insolvency law or otherwise seek any relief under any laws
relating to the relief from debts or the  protection of debtors  generally  with
respect to either REIT  Subsidiary;  (ii) not seek or consent to the appointment
of a receiver,  liquidator,  assignee, trustee,  sequestrator,  custodian or any
similar  official for either REIT  Subsidiary  or a  substantial  portion of its
properties;  or (iii) not make any  assignment  for the  benefit of either  REIT
Subsidiary's creditors.

     (u)  Securitization  Documents.  The Sellers  shall comply with,  and shall
cause the REIT  Subsidiaries  to comply with, all obligations of the Sellers and
REIT   Subsidiaries   as  issuer  or  depositor,   as   applicable,   under  the
Securitization Documents.

     (v)  Investment  Company.  The  Sellers  shall not take any action to be or
become, and shall use their best efforts to avoid being or becoming, at any time
prior to the  payment  in full of the  Repurchase  Price  and any  other  amount
payable under this Repurchase  Agreement,  an open-end investment company,  unit
investment  trust,  closed-end  investment  company or  face-amount  certificate
company  that  is or is  required  to  be  registered  under  Section  8 of  the
Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

     Section 12.02 Buyer Covenant.  Buyer covenants that, following the Purchase
Date,  notwithstanding  any other provision in this Repurchase  Agreement to the
contrary, the Buyer will not take any action in connection with this Transaction
which results in either REIT Subsidiary or issuer of Subject  Securities  (other
than  the  Nomura  Securities)  ceasing  to  be  a  Qualified  REIT  Subsidiary.
Notwithstanding  anything to the contrary  contained herein,  the Guarantor is a
third-party beneficiary of the Buyer's covenant set forth herein.

                                      -41-

<PAGE>

                                   Section 13.

                                EVENTS OF DEFAULT

     Section 13.01 Events of Default.  If any of the  following  events (each an
"Event of Default") occur, the Sellers and Buyer shall have the rights set forth
in Section 14, as applicable:

     (a) Payment  Default.  Either  Seller shall default in the payment of Price
Differential or  Amortization  Payment on its related Payment Date or any amount
necessary  to satisfy a Margin  Deficit  when due  pursuant  to Section 4 or the
payment of the Repurchase Price on the Repurchase Date; or

     (b) Other  Payment  Default.  Either Seller shall default in the payment of
any amount not  specified in clause (a) of Section 13.01 payable by it hereunder
or under any other Repurchase Document,  or the payment of Expenses or any other
Obligations, when the same shall become due and payable, whether at the due date
thereof,  or by  acceleration or otherwise and such failure to make such payment
shall  continue  unremedied  for a period of two  Business  Days after notice by
Buyer; or

     (c)  Representation and Warranty Breach.  Any  representation,  warranty or
certification made or deemed made herein (other than those set forth on Schedule
1  hereto)  or in  any  other  Repurchase  Document  by  either  Seller  or  any
certificate  furnished to the Buyer pursuant to the provisions hereof or thereof
or any information  with respect to the Transaction  Assets furnished in writing
by or on behalf of either  Seller shall prove to have been untrue or  misleading
in any material respect as of the time made or furnished; or

     (d) Immediate  Covenant  Default.  The failure of either Seller to perform,
comply with or observe any term, covenant or agreement  applicable to the Seller
contained in any of Sections 12(a)(i),  (ii) and (iii), (i), (k), (m), (o), (p),
(q), (r), (t) or (v); or

     (e)  Additional  Covenant  Defaults.  Either  Seller shall fail to observe,
comply with or perform any other term,  covenant or agreement  contained in this
Repurchase  Agreement (and not identified in clause (d) of Section 13.01) or any
other  Repurchase  Document,  and if such  default  shall  be  capable  of being
remedied,  such failure to observe or perform shall  continue  unremedied  for a
period of 10 Business  Days after (i)  Sellers  have  actual  knowledge  of such
default or (ii) Buyer notifies Sellers of such default; or

     (f) Guaranty Default. The Guarantor shall fail to make any payment required
under,  or shall fail to observe or perform any covenant after the expiration of
any applicable grace period set forth therein,  condition or agreement contained
in,  the  Guaranty  after  any grace  period  specifically  provided  for in the
Guaranty; or

     (g) Judgments.

     (i) A judgment or judgments  for the payment of money in excess of $100,000
shall be rendered against either Seller or any of its consolidated  Subsidiaries
by  one  or  more  courts,  administrative  tribunals  or  other  bodies  having
jurisdiction and the same

                                      -42-

<PAGE>

shall not be satisfied, discharged (or provision shall not be made for such
discharge)  or bonded,  or a stay of  execution  thereof  shall not be procured,
within  30 days  from the date of entry  thereof,  and such  Seller  or any such
consolidated Subsidiary shall not, within said period of 30 days, or such longer
period  during  which  execution  of the same shall have been  stayed or bonded,
appeal  therefrom  and cause the  execution  thereof  to be stayed  during  such
appeal; or

     (ii) A  judgment  or  judgments  for the  payment  of  money in  excess  of
$1,000,000  in the aggregate  shall be rendered  against the Guarantor by one or
more courts,  administrative  tribunals or other bodies having  jurisdiction and
the same shall not be satisfied,  discharged (or provision shall not be made for
such discharge) or bonded, or a stay of execution thereof shall not be procured,
within 30 days from the date of entry  thereof,  and the  Guarantor  shall  not,
within said period of 30 days, or such longer  period during which  execution of
the same  shall  have been  stayed or  bonded,  appeal  therefrom  and cause the
execution thereof to be stayed during such appeal; or

     (h)  Cross-Default.  Any  "event of  default"  or any other  default  which
permits a demand for, or requires, the early repayment of all obligations due by
the  Guarantor  under  any  agreement  (after  any  applicable  notice  and  the
expiration of any applicable grace period under any such agreement)  relating to
any  Indebtedness of the Guarantor  (including the Brascan Loan  Documents,  but
subject to the Intercreditor Agreement); or

     (i) Subsidiary  Agreement.  An "event of default" or material  breach shall
have occurred and be continuing under the Subsidiary Agreement; or

     (j) Insolvency  Event. An Insolvency Event shall have occurred with respect
to the Guarantor, either Seller or either REIT Subsidiary; or

     (k)  Enforceability.  For any reason,  any Repurchase  Document at any time
shall not be in full force and effect in all  material  respects or shall not be
enforceable in all material  respects in accordance  with its terms, or any Lien
granted  pursuant  thereto shall fail to be perfected and of first priority,  or
any Person  (other  than Buyer)  shall  contest  the  validity,  enforceability,
perfection  or  priority  of any Lien  granted  pursuant  thereto,  or any party
thereto (other than Buyer) shall seek to disaffirm,  terminate,  limit or reduce
its obligations hereunder; or

     (l) Liens.  Either Seller shall grant, or suffer to exist,  any Lien on any
Transaction  Asset,  except  as  contemplated  or  permitted  in the  Repurchase
Documents;  or at least one of the following fails to be true from and after the
Purchase Date (A) the Purchased  Assets shall not have been sold to the Buyer in
accordance with this Repurchase Agreement,  or (B) the Liens contemplated hereby
shall  cease or fail to be first  priority  perfected  Liens on any  Transaction
Assets in favor of the Buyer or shall be Liens in favor of any Person other than
the Buyer; or

     (m) Change of Control. A Change of Control shall have occurred; or

     (n) Going Concern.  Guarantor's  audited financial  statements or the notes
thereto or other  opinions or  conclusions  stated therein shall be qualified or
limited  by  reference  to the status of  Guarantor  as a "going  concern"  or a
reference of similar import; or

                                      -43-

<PAGE>

     (o) Tax Matters.

     (i)  Any  judicial  decision,   administrative  pronouncement,   notice  or
announcement,  or change in law, that presents more than an  insubstantial  risk
that  dividends paid on CBO REIT II's,  Guarantor's or either REIT  Subsidiary's
equity  interests  will not be wholly  deductible  by CBO REIT II,  Guarantor or
either REIT Subsidiary, respectively, for U.S. federal income tax purposes; or

     (ii) Newco  fails to qualify or ceases to qualify as a  disregarded  entity
treated as a part of the Guarantor for federal income tax purposes; or

     (iii)  Either  the  Guarantor  or CBO REIT II fails to qualify or ceases to
qualify  as a REIT or either  REIT  Subsidiary  fails to qualify or ceases to be
qualified as a Qualified REIT Subsidiary; or

     (iv) Any of the issuers of the Subject  Securities (other than with respect
to the Nomura Securities) are or will be subject to U.S. federal income tax on a
net income basis or any other material tax, duty or other governmental charge.

                                   Section 14.

                                    REMEDIES

     (a) If an Event of  Default  occurs  with  respect  to either  Seller,  the
following  rights and remedies are  available  to the Buyer;  provided,  that an
Event of Default shall be deemed to be continuing unless expressly waived by the
Buyer in writing.

     (i) At the option of the Buyer,  exercised  by notice to the Seller  (which
option  shall be  deemed  to have  been  exercised,  even if no notice is given,
immediately upon the occurrence of an Insolvency Event), the Repurchase Date for
the  Transaction  hereunder,  if it has not  already  occurred,  shall be deemed
immediately  to occur.  Upon the occurrence of any Event of Default which is not
an Insolvency  Event, the Buyer shall give notice to the Sellers of the exercise
of such option as promptly as practicable.

     (ii) If the  Buyer  exercises  or is deemed to have  exercised  the  option
referred to in subsection (a)(i) of this Section,

     (A)  the  Sellers'  obligations  in  such  Transaction  to  repurchase  all
Purchased  Assets,  at the  Repurchase  Price  therefor on the  Repurchase  Date
determined  in accordance  with  subsection  (a)(i) of this  Section,  (1) shall
thereupon  become  immediately  due and payable and (2) all Proceeds  paid after
such exercise or deemed  exercise  shall be retained by the Buyer and applied to
the aggregate unpaid  Repurchase Price and any other amounts owed by the Sellers
hereunder;

     (B) to the extent  permitted by applicable  law, the Repurchase  Price with
respect to each such  Transaction  shall be  increased by the  aggregate  amount

                                      -44-

<PAGE>

obtained  by daily  application  of, on a 360 day per year  basis for the actual
number of days during the period from and  including the date of the exercise or
deemed  exercise  of such  option to but  excluding  the date of  payment of the
Repurchase Price as so increased,  (x) the Post-Default Rate in effect following
an Event of Default to (y) the Repurchase  Price for such  Transaction as of the
Repurchase  Date as  determined  pursuant to  subsection  (a)(i) of this Section
(decreased as of any day by (i) any amounts  actually in the possession of Buyer
pursuant to clause (C) of this  subsection,  and (ii) any proceeds from the sale
of Purchased  Assets  applied to the  Repurchase  Price  pursuant to  subsection
(a)(iv) of this Section); and

     (C) Subject to Section 5(f) hereof,  all Proceeds  actually received by the
Buyer pursuant to Section 5 (excluding any Post-Default Rate Price  Differential
paid pursuant to Section 5(a) and any amounts paid pursuant to Section  5(e)(i))
shall be applied to the aggregate unpaid Purchase Price owed by the Sellers. Any
Proceeds in excess of the  Obligations  shall be returned to the Sellers.

     (iii) Upon the occurrence of one or more Events of Default, the Buyer shall
have  the  right to  obtain  physical  possession  of all  files of the  Sellers
relating to the Transaction  Assets and all documents  relating to the Purchased
Assets which are then or may thereafter come in to the possession of the Sellers
or any third party acting for the Sellers and the Sellers  shall  deliver to the
Buyer such  assignments as the Buyer shall request.  The Buyer shall be entitled
to  specific  performance  of all  agreements  of the Sellers  contained  in the
Repurchase Documents.

     (iv) At any time  following  notice to the Sellers (which notice may be the
notice given under subsection (a)(i) of this Section),  in the event the Sellers
have not repurchased all Purchased Assets,  the Buyer may (A) immediately assign
its rights under the  Transaction to an Affiliate of the Buyer,  (B) immediately
sell  (including  without  limitation  effecting a sale to an  Affiliate  of the
Buyer),  without  demand or further  notice of any kind,  at a public or private
sale and at such price or prices as the Buyer may deem  satisfactory  any or all
Transaction  Assets  and apply the  proceeds  thereof  to the  aggregate  unpaid
Repurchase Prices and any other amounts owing by the Sellers hereunder or (C) in
its  sole  discretion  elect,  in  lieu  of  selling  all or a  portion  of such
Transaction Assets, to give the Sellers credit for such Transaction Assets in an
amount equal to the Market Value of the Transaction Assets against the aggregate
unpaid  Repurchase  Price and any other amounts owing by the Sellers  hereunder.
The proceeds of any  disposition of the  Transaction  Assets shall be applied as
determined by Buyer in its sole discretion;  provided,  however that any amounts
in excess of the Obligations shall be returned to the Sellers.

     (v) At any time  following  notice to the Sellers  (which notice may be the
notice given under subsection  (a)(i) of this Section),  the Buyer may deliver a
Notice of Event of Default (as defined in the Control Agreement) to the Bank.

     (vi) Each Seller recognizes that the Buyer may be unable to effect a public
sale of any or all of the Transaction Assets, by reason of certain  prohibitions
contained in the

                                      -45-

<PAGE>

1934 Act and applicable  state  securities  laws and/or the  Securitization
Documents  or  otherwise,  and may be compelled to resort to one or more private
sales  thereof  to a  restricted  group of  purchasers  which will be obliged to
agree,  among other things, to acquire such securities for their own account for
investment and not a view to the  distribution  or resale  thereof.  Each Seller
acknowledges  and  agrees  that any such  private  sale may result in prices and
other terms less  favorable  to the Buyer than if such sale were a public  sale,
and notwithstanding  such circumstances,  agrees that any such compelled private
sale shall be deemed to have been made in a commercially  reasonable manner. The
Buyer  shall be under no  obligation  to delay a sale of any of the  Transaction
Assets for the period of time  necessary to permit the Sellers to register  such
Transaction  Assets for public sale under the 1934 Act or under applicable state
securities laws and/or the Securitization  Documents,  even if the Sellers would
agree to do so.

     (vii) Each Seller  further  agrees to use its  reasonable  efforts to do or
cause to be done all such other acts as may be reasonably  necessary to make any
sale  or  sales  of any  portion  of the  Transaction  Assets  pursuant  to this
Repurchase  Agreement valid and binding and in compliance with any and all other
applicable laws other than registration  under applicable  securities laws. Each
Seller  further  agrees that a breach of any of the covenants  contained in this
Section  will  cause  irreparable  injury  to the  Buyer,  that the Buyer has no
adequate  remedy at law in respect of such breach,  and as a  consequence,  that
each  and  every  covenant  contained  in this  Section  shall  be  specifically
enforceable against each Seller, and each Seller hereby waives and agrees not to
assert  any  defenses  against  any  action  for  specific  performance  of such
covenants except for defense that no Event of Default has occurred hereunder.

     (viii)  The  Sellers  shall be liable  to Buyer  for (i) the  amount of all
reasonable legal or other expenses (including, without limitation, all costs and
expenses  of  Buyer  in  connection  with  the  enforcement  of this  Repurchase
Agreement or any other agreement evidencing the Transaction,  whether in action,
suit or  litigation  or  bankruptcy,  insolvency  or  other  similar  proceeding
affecting  creditors' rights generally,  further including,  without limitation,
the reasonable fees and expenses of counsel  incurred in connection with or as a
result of an Event of  Default,  (ii)  damages  in an  amount  equal to the cost
(including  all fees,  expenses and  commissions)  of entering into  replacement
transactions and entering into or terminating  hedge  transactions in connection
with or as a result of Buyer's efforts to mitigate damages following an Event of
Default,  and (iii) any other loss, damage,  cost or expense directly arising or
resulting  from  the  occurrence  of an  Event  of  Default  in  respect  of the
Transaction.

     (ix) The Buyer shall have, in addition to its rights hereunder,  any rights
otherwise available to it under any other agreement or applicable law.

     (b) Buyer  may  exercise  one or more of the  remedies  available  to Buyer
immediately  upon  the  occurrence  of an  Event  of  Default  and at  any  time
thereafter  without  notice  (other  than  expressly  set forth  herein)  to the
Sellers.  All rights and remedies  arising  under this  Repurchase  Agreement as
amended from time to time  hereunder  are  cumulative  and not  exclusive of any
other rights or remedies which Buyer may have.

                                      -46-

<PAGE>

     (c) Buyer may  enforce  its rights and  remedies  hereunder  without  prior
judicial  process  or  hearing,  and each  Seller  hereby  expressly  waives any
defenses such Seller might otherwise have to require Buyer to enforce its rights
by judicial  process.  Each Seller also waives any defense (other than a defense
of payment or performance) such Seller might otherwise have arising from the use
of  nonjudicial  process,  enforcement  and  sale of all or any  portion  of the
Transaction  Assets,  or from  any  other  election  of  remedies.  Each  Seller
recognizes  that  nonjudicial  remedies  are  consistent  with the usages of the
trade, are responsive to commercial necessity and are the result of a bargain at
arm's length.

     (d) To the extent  permitted by applicable law, each Seller shall be liable
to the Buyer for interest on any amounts  owing by the Sellers  hereunder,  from
the date the  Sellers  becomes  liable  for such  amounts  hereunder  until such
amounts  are (i) paid in full by the  Sellers or (ii)  satisfied  in full by the
exercise of the  Buyer's  rights  hereunder.  Interest on any sum payable by the
Sellers to the Buyer under this paragraph  14(d) shall be at a rate equal to the
Post-Default Rate.

                                    Section 15.

                     INDEMNIFICATION AND EXPENSES; RECOURSE

     (a) Each  Seller  agrees to hold the Buyer,  and its  Affiliates  and their
officers,  directors,  employees,  agents and advisors and  controlling  persons
(within the meaning of federal  securities  laws)(each an  "Indemnified  Party")
harmless from and indemnify any Indemnified  Party on an after-tax basis against
losses, claims, damages, obligations, penalties, judgments, awards, liabilities,
costs, expenses and disbursements (and any and all actions,  suits,  proceedings
and  investigations  in respect  thereof and any and all legal and other  costs,
expenses  or  disbursements  in giving  testimony  or  furnishing  documents  in
response to a subpoena or otherwise),  including, without limitation, the costs,
expenses, and disbursements,  as and when incurred, of investigating,  preparing
or defending any such action, suit, proceeding or investigation  (whether or not
in connection  with  litigation in which the Buyer is a party) of any kind which
may be imposed on,  incurred  by or  asserted  against  such  Indemnified  Party
(collectively,  "Costs"),  (a)  relating  to or arising  out of this  Repurchase
Agreement,  any other Repurchase Document or any transaction contemplated hereby
or thereby,  or any amendment,  supplement or modification  of, or any waiver or
consent under or in respect of, this Repurchase Agreement,  any other Repurchase
Document or any transaction  contemplated hereby or thereby, that, in each case,
results from anything  other than the  Indemnified  Party's gross  negligence or
willful  misconduct as  determined  by a final  judgment (not subject to further
appeal) of a court of competent jurisdiction,  (b) directly or indirectly caused
by,  relating to, based upon,  arising out of or in  connection  with any untrue
statement  or alleged  untrue  statement  of a material  fact  contained  in, or
omissions or alleged  omissions  from, any statements or omission in or from any
other information furnished by the Sellers to the Buyer; provided, however, such
indemnity  penalty  shall  not apply to any  portion  of any such  loss,  claim,
damage,  obligation,  penalty,  judgment,  award,  liability,  cost,  expense or
disbursement  to the  extent  it is  found  in a final  judgment  by a court  of
competent  jurisdiction  (not  subject  to  further  appeal)  to  have  resulted
primarily and directly from the gross negligence or willful  misconduct of Buyer
or a breach by Buyer of its covenant set forth in Section 12.02 hereof.

                                      -47-

<PAGE>

     (b) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, each Seller agrees to
hold any Indemnified  Party harmless from and indemnify such  Indemnified  Party
against all Costs with  respect to all  Purchased  Assets or Subject  Securities
relating to or arising out of any Taxes incurred or assessed in connection  with
the ownership of the Purchased Assets or Subject Securities,  including, without
limitation, any and all liabilities with respect to, or resulting from any delay
in paying, any and all stamp,  excise, sales or other taxes which may be payable
or determined to be payable with respect to any of the Equity  Interests,  that,
in each case,  results from anything  other than the  Indemnified  Party's gross
negligence or willful  misconduct or a breach by Buyer of its covenant set forth
in Section  12.02  hereof as  determined  by a final  judgment  (not  subject to
further appeal) of a court of competent jurisdiction. In any suit, proceeding or
action brought by an Indemnified  Party in connection  with any of the Purchased
Assets or Subject  Securities  for any sum owing  thereunder,  or to enforce any
provisions of any Purchased  Asset or Subject  Security,  each Seller will save,
indemnify and hold such Indemnified Party harmless from and against all expense,
loss or  damage  suffered  by  reason  of any  defense,  set-off,  counterclaim,
recoupment or reduction or liability whatsoever of the account debtor or obligor
thereunder,  arising  out  of a  breach  by  either  Seller  of  any  obligation
thereunder or arising out of any other  agreement,  indebtedness or liability at
any  time  owing  to or in  favor  of such  account  debtor  or  obligor  or its
successors  from a Seller.  Each Seller also agrees to reimburse an  Indemnified
Party as and when  billed  by such  Indemnified  Party  for all the  Indemnified
Party's costs and expenses  incurred in connection  with the  enforcement or the
preservation  of the Buyer's rights under this Repurchase  Agreement,  any other
Repurchase Document or any transaction contemplated hereby or thereby, including
without limitation the reasonable fees and disbursements of its counsel.

     (c) If any action,  suit,  proceeding or investigation is commenced,  as to
which the Buyer proposes to demand indemnification,  it shall notify the Sellers
with reasonable promptness;  provided, however, that any failure by the Buyer to
notify  the  Sellers  shall not  relieve  the  Sellers  from  their  obligations
hereunder. The Buyer shall have the right to retain counsel of its own choice to
represent it, and the Sellers shall pay the fees,  expenses and disbursements of
such  counsel;  and  such  counsel  shall,  to the  extent  consistent  with its
professional  responsibilities,  cooperate  with  the  Sellers  and any  counsel
designated by the Sellers. The Sellers shall be liable for any settlement of any
claim against the Indemnified  Parties with the Seller's written consent,  which
consent shall not be unreasonably  withheld.  The Sellers shall not, without the
prior  written  consent of Buyer,  settle or compromise  any claim,  or permit a
default or consent to the entry of any judgment in respect thereof,  unless such
settlement,  compromise or consent includes,  as an unconditional  term thereof,
the giving by the claimant to Buyer of an unconditional and irrevocable  release
from all liability in respect of such claim.

     In order to provide  for just and  equitable  contribution,  if a claim for
indemnification  pursuant to these indemnification  provisions is made but it is
found in a final judgment by a court of competent  jurisdiction  (not subject to
further appeal) that such indemnification may not be enforced in such case, even
though the express  provisions hereof provide for  indemnification in such case,
then  the  Sellers,  on the one  hand,  and  Buyer,  on the  other  hand,  shall
contribute to the losses, claims, damages,  obligations,  penalties,  judgments,
awards, liabilities,  costs, expenses and disbursements to which the indemnified
persons may be subject in accordance with the relative  benefits received by the
Sellers,  on the one hand,  and Buyer,  on the other hand, and also the relative
fault of the  Sellers,  on the one  hand,  and

                                      -48-

<PAGE>

Buyer,  on the other  hand,  in  connection  with the  statements,  acts or
omissions  which  resulted  in  such  losses,  claims,   damages,   obligations,
penalties, judgments, awards, liabilities, costs, expenses and disbursements and
the relevant equitable considerations shall also be considered.  No person found
liable for a fraudulent misrepresentation shall be entitled to contribution from
any person who is not also found liable for such  fraudulent  misrepresentation.
Notwithstanding  the  foregoing,  the Buyer shall not be obligated to contribute
any amount  hereunder that exceeds the amount of fees received by Buyer pursuant
to the Repurchase Agreement,  except in connection with a breach by Buyer of its
covenant set forth in Section 12.02 hereof.

     (d) Each  Seller  agrees to pay as and when  billed by the Buyer all of the
out-of-pocket  costs and expenses  incurred by the Buyer in connection  with the
development,  preparation and execution of this Repurchase Agreement,  any other
Repurchase  Document or any other documents  prepared in connection  herewith or
therewith.  Sellers  agree to pay as and when  billed  by the  Buyer  all of the
reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred by Buyer on or prior to the
Purchase  Date  in  connection  with  the   consummation  of  the   transactions
contemplated hereby and thereby including without limitation filing fees and all
the reasonable fees,  disbursements and expenses of outside counsel to the Buyer
up to an aggregate  amount of $250,000 (the "Initial  Transaction  Cap"),  which
amount  shall be  deducted  from the  Purchase  Price  paid for the  Transaction
hereunder  (provided,  that any expenses incurred following the Purchase Date in
connection  with any amendment,  supplement or  modification  to this Repurchase
Agreement,  any other  Repurchase  Document or any other  documents  prepared in
connection  therewith  shall not be subject to the Initial  Transaction  Cap and
provided  further that any expenses  incurred in connection with the enforcement
of any Repurchase Document shall be borne by the Seller and shall not be subject
to the Initial  Transaction  Cap. The Buyer or its outside counsel shall provide
the  Sellers  with  itemized or  detailed  information  related to such fees and
expenses  outlined above prior to payment thereof,  except with respect to up to
$30,000 in legal fees, which  itemization  shall be provided within a reasonable
time  following  payment of such fees.  Subject to Initial  Transaction  Cap and
other limitations set forth in Section 16 hereof,  each Seller agrees to pay the
Buyer all the reasonable out of pocket due  diligence,  inspection,  testing and
review costs and expenses incurred by the Buyer on or prior to the Purchase Date
with respect to the Subject Securities, including, but not limited to, those out
of pocket costs and expenses  incurred by the Buyer  pursuant to Sections  15(d)
and 16 hereof.  The Sellers shall be responsible for all of their  out-of-pocket
costs and expenses incurred in connection herewith.

     (e) The  obligations of the Sellers from time to time to pay the Repurchase
Price, the Periodic Advance Repurchase Payments, and all other amounts due under
this Repurchase Agreement shall be full recourse obligations of the Sellers.

     (f) The Sellers' agreements in this Section 15 shall survive the payment in
full of the Repurchase Price, the Periodic Advance Repurchase Payments,  and all
other  amounts  due  under  this  Repurchase  Agreement  and the  expiration  or
termination of this Repurchase Agreement.

                                      -49-

<PAGE>

                                  Section 16.

                            CONTINUING DUE DILIGENCE

     Each Seller acknowledges that Buyer has the right to perform continuing due
diligence  reviews  after the Purchase Date at the Buyer's sole cost and expense
with respect to the Purchased  Assets,  the Subject  Securities and the Sellers,
for purposes of verifying  compliance with the  representations,  warranties and
specifications  made hereunder,  or otherwise,  and each Seller agrees that upon
reasonable prior notice unless an Event of Default shall have occurred, in which
case  no  notice  is  required,   to  the  Sellers,   Buyer  or  its  authorized
representatives  will be  permitted  during  normal  business  hours to examine,
inspect,  and  make  copies  and  extracts  of any and all  documents,  records,
agreements,  instruments or information  relating to the Purchased Assets in the
possession  or under the control of the  Sellers.  The  Sellers  also shall make
available  to Buyer a  knowledgeable  financial  or  accounting  officer for the
purpose of answering questions respecting the Purchased Assets. Without limiting
the generality of the foregoing, the Sellers acknowledge that Buyer may purchase
Subject  Securities that are Transaction Assets and/or Equity Interests from the
Sellers  based solely upon the  information  provided by the Seller to Buyer and
based on the  representations,  warranties and covenants  contained herein,  and
that  Buyer,  at its  option,  has the right at any time to conduct a partial or
complete due diligence review on some or all of the Transaction  Assets and each
Seller  shall  provide  Buyer  with  access to any and all  documents,  records,
agreements, instruments or information relating to the Subject Securities in the
possession,  or under the control,  of such Seller. All out-of-pocket  costs and
expenses  incurred by Buyer in connection  with Buyer's  activities  pursuant to
this Section 16 ("Due  Diligence  Costs") shall be for the account of the Buyer,
unless an Event of Default shall have occurred and is continuing, in which event
Buyer  shall  have the right to  perform  due  diligence,  with  reasonable  Due
Diligence Costs borne at the sole expense of the Sellers.

                                   Section 17.

                                  ASSIGNABILITY

     The rights and obligations of the parties under this  Repurchase  Agreement
and under the  Transaction  shall not be assigned by either  Seller  without the
prior  written  consent of Buyer.  Subject  to the  foregoing,  this  Repurchase
Agreement  and the  Transaction  shall be  binding  upon and shall  inure to the
benefit of the parties and their respective  successors and assigns.  Nothing in
this Repurchase  Agreement express or implied,  shall give to any Person,  other
than the parties to this Repurchase  Agreement and their  successors and assigns
hereunder,  any benefit of any legal or equitable right,  power, remedy or claim
under this  Repurchase  Agreement.  Buyer may from time to time  assign all or a
portion of its rights and obligations  under this  Repurchase  Agreement and the
Repurchase Documents; provided, however that Buyer shall maintain, for review by
the Sellers  upon  written  request,  a register of  assignees  and a copy of an
executed  assignment  and  acceptance  by Buyer and  assignee  ("Assignment  and
Acceptance"),   specifying   the  percentage  or  portion  of  such  rights  and
obligations  assigned;  and provided,  further,  with respect to any  assignment
hereunder to any Person other than a "Major Broker Dealer",  such assignee,  for
the purposes of determining  Market Value for all purposes  hereunder,  shall be
required to obtain a Market Value determination from three Major Broker

                                      -50-

<PAGE>

     Dealers,  the average of which shall be  considered  the  determination  of
Market Value. For purposes of this Repurchase  Agreement,  "Major Broker Dealer"
shall  mean  those  brokers  dealers  listed on  Schedule  8  hereof.  Upon such
assignment,  (a) such  assignee  shall be a party hereto and to each  Repurchase
Document to the extent of the  percentage or portion set forth in the Assignment
and  Acceptance,  and shall succeed to the applicable  rights and obligations of
Buyer  hereunder,  and (b) Buyer  shall,  to the  extent  that such  rights  and
obligations  have  been so  assigned  by it be  released  from  its  obligations
hereunder and under the Repurchase  Documents.  Unless  otherwise  stated in the
Assignment and Acceptance,  the Sellers shall continue to take directions solely
from Buyer unless otherwise  notified by Buyer in writing.  Buyer may distribute
to any prospective assignee any document or other information delivered to Buyer
by Sellers.

     The Buyer may sell  participations to one or more Persons in or to all or a
portion of its rights and obligations under this Repurchase Agreement; provided,
however,  that (i) the Buyer's obligations under this Repurchase Agreement shall
remain  unchanged,  (ii) the Buyer shall remain solely  responsible to the other
parties hereto for the  performance of such  obligations;  and (iii) the Sellers
shall continue to deal solely and directly with the Buyer in connection with the
Buyer's rights and  obligations  under this  Repurchase  Agreement and the other
Repurchase  Documents.  Notwithstanding the terms of Section 7, each participant
of the Buyer shall be entitled to the additional  compensation  and other rights
and  protections  afforded  the Buyer under  Section 7 to the same extent as the
Buyer would have been entitled to receive them with respect to the participation
sold to such participant.

     The Buyer may,  in  connection  with any  assignment  or  participation  or
proposed  assignment or  participation  pursuant to this Section 17, disclose to
the assignee or participant or proposed assignee or participant, as the case may
be, any information  relating to the Sellers or any of their  Subsidiaries or to
any  aspect of the  Transaction  that has been  furnished  to the Buyer by or on
behalf of the Sellers or any of their Subsidiaries;  provided that such assignee
or participant agrees with Buyer and Sellers to hold such information subject to
the confidentiality provisions of this Repurchase Agreement.

     In the  event  the  Buyer  assigns  all or a  portion  of  its  rights  and
obligations  under  this  Repurchase  Agreement,  the  parties  hereto  agree to
negotiate in good faith an amendment to this Repurchase  Agreement to add agency
provisions  similar to those  included  in  repurchase  agreements  for  similar
syndicated repurchase facilities.

     Nothing set forth herein shall relieve the Buyer's  obligation to cause the
Transaction to be treated in the manner described in Section 20.

                                    Section 18.

                   HYPOTHECATION OR PLEDGE OF PURCHASED ASSETS

     (a) Title to all  Purchased  Assets  shall  pass to Buyer.  Nothing in this
Repurchase  Agreement  shall  preclude  the Buyer from  engaging  in  repurchase
transactions  with the Purchased Assets or otherwise  pledging or repledging the
Purchased Assets and, in the event of a Default by either Seller, from otherwise
transferring, hypothecating or rehypothecating the

                                      -51-

<PAGE>

Purchased  Assets;  but no such  transaction  shall  relieve  Buyer  of its
obligations under the Repurchase Documents,  including,  without limitation, its
obligation  to  transfer  the  Purchased  Assets  pursuant  to  Section 3 or its
obligation to credit or pay Proceeds of the Purchased Assets to the Sellers,  or
to apply any such Proceeds to the Obligations of the Sellers, in accordance with
Section  5, or in the  absence  of a  Default  by  either  Seller  to cause  the
Transaction  to be treated  in the  manner  described  in  Section  20.  Nothing
contained in this Repurchase Agreement shall obligate the Buyer to segregate any
Transaction Assets or Subject Securities  delivered to the Buyer by the Sellers.

     (b) Notwithstanding  anything to the contrary in this Repurchase  Agreement
or any other Repurchase Document,  no Equity Interest, or Subject Security shall
remain in the custody of either Seller or any Affiliate thereof.

                   Section 19. Establishment of ESCROW.

     Contemporaneously   with  the  execution  of  this  Repurchase   Agreement,
Guarantor,  Buyer,  Brascan Investor and LaSalle Bank, National Association have
entered into the Escrow  Agreement  which shall govern the escrow and release of
the Purchase  Price on the Purchase  Date. In the event that the Escrow  Release
(as defined in the Escrow  Agreement)  does not occur on or before the date that
is 30 calendar  days after the date hereof or if a Change of Control  shall have
occurred on such earlier date,  then on such  applicable  date, the Escrow Agent
(as  defined in the Escrow  Agreement)  shall  release the funds as set forth in
Section 5(e) of the Escrow Agent.

                                   Section 20.

                                  TAX TREATMENT

     Each party to this Repurchase  Agreement  acknowledges  that its intent for
accounting  purposes  and purposes of U.S.  federal,  state and local income and
franchise taxes, to treat the Transaction as indebtedness of each Seller that is
secured by the Purchased  Assets and that the Purchased  Assets are owned by the
CBO REIT II and the  Guarantor  for federal  income tax purposes  (Newco being a
disregarded  entity  for  federal  income tax  purposes)  so long as no Event of
Default has occurred.  All parties to this  Repurchase  Agreement  agree to such
treatment and agree to take no action  inconsistent with this treatment,  unless
required by law.

                                   Section 21.

                                     Set-off

     In addition to any rights and remedies of the Buyer  hereunder  and by law,
the Buyer shall have the right,  without  prior notice to the Sellers,  any such
notice  being  expressly  waived  by each  Seller  to the  extent  permitted  by
applicable  law,  upon  any  amount  becoming  due and  payable  by the  Sellers
hereunder  (whether at the stated  maturity,  by  acceleration  or otherwise) to
set-off and  appropriate  and apply  against  such  amount any and all  deposits
(general or special, time or demand, provisional or final), in any currency, and
any other credits, indebtedness or claims, in any currency, in each case whether
direct or indirect,  absolute or

                                      -52-

<PAGE>

contingent, matured or unmatured, at any time held or owing by the Buyer or
any  Affiliate  which is a part of  Buyer's  consolidated  group  for  financial
reporting  purposes to or for the credit or the account of either  Seller or any
Affiliate  thereof  which  is part of the  Guarantor's  consolidated  group  for
financial reporting  purposes.  The Buyer agrees promptly (but in no event later
than five (5) Business  Days  following any set-off) to notify the Sellers after
any such set-off and application made by the Buyer; provided that the failure to
give such notice shall not affect the validity of such set-off and  application.

                                   Section 22.

                                  TERMINABILITY

     Each representation and warranty made or deemed to be made by entering into
the  Transaction,  herein or pursuant  hereto  shall  survive the making of such
representation  and  warranty,  and the Buyer shall not be deemed to have waived
any Default that may arise  because any such  representation  or warranty  shall
have proved to be not true and correct in all material respects, notwithstanding
that the Buyer may have had notice or  knowledge  or reason to believe that such
representation  or warranty was false or misleading at the time the  Transaction
was made.  Notwithstanding any such termination or the occurrence of an Event of
Default, all of the representations and warranties and covenants hereunder shall
continue and survive.  The  obligations  of the Sellers  under Section 15 hereof
shall survive the termination of this Repurchase Agreement.

                                  Section 23.

                        NOTICES AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS

     Except as otherwise expressly permitted by this Repurchase  Agreement,  all
notices,  requests  and other  communications  provided  for  herein  (including
without limitation any modifications of, or waivers, requests or consents under,
this Repurchase  Agreement) shall be given or made in writing (including without
limitation by telecopy)  delivered to the intended recipient at the "Address for
Notices" specified below its name on the signature pages hereof or thereof); or,
as to any party, at such other address as shall be designated by such party in a
written  notice to each  other  party.  Except  as  otherwise  provided  in this
Repurchase  Agreement  and except for notices given under Section 3 (which shall
be effective only on receipt),  all such communications  shall be deemed to have
been duly given when transmitted by telecopy or personally  delivered or, in the
case of a mailed  notice,  upon  receipt,  in each case  given or  addressed  as
aforesaid.

                                  Section 24.

                ENTIRE AGREEMENT; SEVERABILITY; Single Agreement

     This  Repurchase   Agreement,   together  with  the  Repurchase  Documents,
constitute the entire  understanding  between Buyer and the Sellers with respect
to the subject  matter they cover and shall  supersede  any existing  agreements
between the parties  containing  general  terms

                                      -53-

<PAGE>

and conditions for repurchase transactions involving Purchased Assets other
than the CDO  Engagement  Letter.  By acceptance of this  Repurchase  Agreement,
Buyer and each Seller  acknowledge  that they have not made, and are not relying
upon, any statements, representations, promises or undertakings not contained in
this  Repurchase  Agreement or the CDO  Engagement  Letter.  Each  provision and
agreement  herein  shall be treated as separate and  independent  from any other
provision  or  agreement  herein and shall be  enforceable  notwithstanding  the
unenforceability of any such other provision or agreement.

                                   Section 25.

                                  GOVERNING LAW

     THIS  REPURCHASE  AGREEMENT  SHALL BE GOVERNED BY THE INTERNAL  LAWS OF THE
STATE OF NEW YORK  WITHOUT  GIVING  EFFECT  TO THE  CONFLICT  OF LAW  PRINCIPLES
THEREOF.

                                   Section 26.

                       Submission To Jurisdiction; Waivers

     BUYER AND EACH SELLER HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND  UNCONDITIONALLY:

     (i) SUBMITS FOR ITSELF AND ITS PROPERTY IN ANY LEGAL  ACTION OR  PROCEEDING
RELATING TO THIS REPURCHASE AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER REPURCHASE DOCUMENTS, OR FOR
RECOGNITION AND ENFORCEMENT OF ANY JUDGMENT IN RESPECT THEREOF, TO THE EXCLUSIVE
GENERAL  JURISDICTION OF THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, THE FEDERAL COURTS
OF THE UNITED  STATES OF AMERICA  FOR THE  SOUTHERN  DISTRICT  OF NEW YORK,  AND
APPELLATE COURTS FROM ANY THEREOF;

     (ii)  CONSENTS  THAT ANY SUCH ACTION OR  PROCEEDING  MAY BE BROUGHT IN SUCH
COURTS AND, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, WAIVES ANY OBJECTION THAT IT MAY NOW
OR  HEREAFTER  HAVE TO THE VENUE OF ANY SUCH  ACTION OR  PROCEEDING  IN ANY SUCH
COURT OR THAT SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING WAS BROUGHT IN AN INCONVENIENT COURT AND
AGREES NOT TO PLEAD OR CLAIM THE SAME;

     (iii) AGREES THAT SERVICE OF PROCESS IN ANY SUCH ACTION OR  PROCEEDING  MAY
BE EFFECTED BY MAILING A COPY THEREOF BY  REGISTERED  OR CERTIFIED  MAIL (OR ANY
SUBSTANTIALLY  SIMILAR FORM OF MAIL),  POSTAGE PREPAID, TO ITS ADDRESS SET FORTH
UNDER ITS SIGNATURE BELOW OR AT SUCH OTHER ADDRESS OF WHICH THE BUYER SHALL HAVE
BEEN NOTIFIED;  AND

                                      -54-

<PAGE>

(iv) THE BUYER AND THE SELLER  HEREBY  IRREVOCABLY  WAIVE,  TO THE  FULLEST
EXTENT  PERMITTED BY  APPLICABLE  LAW, ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY
LEGAL PROCEEDING  ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS REPURCHASE  AGREEMENT,  ANY
OTHER  REPURCHASE  DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTION  CONTEMPLATED  HEREBY OR THEREBY.

                                  Section 27.

                                NO WAIVERS, ETC.

     No failure  on the part of the Buyer or either  Seller to  exercise  and no
delay in exercising,  and no course of dealing with respect to, any right, power
or privilege  under any Repurchase  Document shall operate as a waiver  thereof,
nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right,  power or privilege under
any Repurchase  Document  preclude any other or further  exercise thereof or the
exercise of any other right,  power or privilege.  The remedies  provided herein
are  cumulative  and not exclusive of any remedies  provided by law. An Event of
Default shall be deemed to be continuing unless expressly waived by the Buyer in
writing.

                                   Section 28.

                                     NETTING

     If  the  Buyer  and  the  Seller  are  "financial  institutions"  as now or
hereinafter  defined  in  Section  4402 of Title 12 of the  United  States  Code
("Section 4402") and any rules or regulations  promulgated  thereunder,

     (a) All  amounts to be paid or advanced by one party to or on behalf of the
other under this  Repurchase  Agreement or the  Transaction  hereunder  shall be
deemed to be  "payment  obligations"  and all  amounts to be  received  by or on
behalf of one party  from the  other  under  this  Repurchase  Agreement  or the
Transaction  hereunder shall be deemed to be "payment  entitlements"  within the
meaning of Section 4402, and this  Repurchase  Agreement shall be deemed to be a
"netting contract" as defined in Section 4402.

     (b) The payment  obligations  and the payment  entitlements  of the parties
hereto pursuant to this Repurchase Agreement and the Transaction hereunder shall
be netted as follows.  In the event that either party (the  "Defaulting  Party")
shall fail to honor any payment  obligation  under this Repurchase  Agreement or
the Transaction hereunder,  the other party (the "Nondefaulting Party") shall be
entitled  to reduce  the amount of any  payment to be made by the  Nondefaulting
Party to the Defaulting  Party by the amount of the payment  obligation that the
Defaulting Party failed to honor.

                                      -55-

<PAGE>

                                   Section 29.

                                 CONFIDENTIALITY

     The Buyer and each Seller hereby  acknowledge and agree that all written or
computer-readable  information  provided by one party to any other regarding the
terms  set  forth  in  any  of  the  Repurchase  Documents  or  the  Transaction
contemplated  thereby (the "Confidential  Terms") shall be kept confidential and
shall not be divulged to any party  without  the prior  written  consent of such
other party  except to the extent that (i) it is  necessary  to do so in working
with legal counsel,  auditors, taxing authorities or other governmental agencies
or regulatory bodies or in order to comply with any applicable  federal or state
laws, (ii) any of the Confidential Terms are in the public domain other than due
to a breach of this  covenant,  or (iii) in the event of an Event of Default the
Buyer  determines  such  information to be necessary or desirable to disclose in
connection with the marketing and sales of the Purchased  Assets or otherwise to
enforce or exercise the Buyer's  rights  hereunder.  The provisions set forth in
this Section 29 shall  survive the  termination  of this  Repurchase  Agreement.

                                   Section 30.

                                     Intent

     (a) The parties recognize that the Transaction is a "repurchase  agreement"
as that term is defined in Section 101 of Title 11 of the United States Code, as
amended  (except  insofar  as the  type of  Transaction  Assets  subject  to the
Transaction  or the  term  of  the  Transaction  would  render  such  definition
inapplicable),  and a  "securities  contract" as that term is defined in Section
741 of Title 11 of the United  States Code,  as amended  (except  insofar as the
type  of  assets  subject  to  the  Transaction  would  render  such  definition
inapplicable).

     (b) It is understood  that the Buyer's  right to liquidate the  Transaction
Assets  delivered  to it in  connection  with the  Transaction  hereunder  or to
exercise any other  remedies  pursuant to  Paragraph 14 hereof is a  contractual
right to liquidate the Transaction as described in Sections 555 and 559 of Title
11 of the United States Code, as amended.

     (c) The parties agree and acknowledge that if a party hereto is an "insured
depository  institution,"  as  such  term  is  defined  in the  Federal  Deposit
Insurance  Act,  as  amended  ("FDIA"),  then  the  Transaction  hereunder  is a
"qualified  financial  contract," as that term is defined in FDIA and any rules,
orders or policy  statements  thereunder  (except  insofar as the type of assets
subject to the Transaction would render such definition inapplicable).

     (d) It is understood that this Repurchase Agreement  constitutes a "netting
contract" as defined in and subject to Title IV of the Federal Deposit Insurance
Corporation  Improvement Act of 1991 ("FDICIA") and each payment entitlement and
payment  obligation under the Transaction  hereunder shall constitute a "covered
contractual payment  entitlement" or "covered  contractual payment  obligation",
respectively, as defined in and subject to FDICIA (except insofar as one or both
of the  parties  is not a  "financial  institution"  as that term is  defined in
FDICIA).

                                      -57-

<PAGE>

                                  Section 31.

               Disclosure Relating to Certain Federal Protections

     The parties acknowledge that they have been advised that:

     (a) in the case of a Transaction in which one of the parties is a broker or
dealer  registered  with the  Securities and Exchange  Commission  ("SEC") under
Section 15 of the Securities  Exchange Act of 1934 ("1934 Act"),  the Securities
Investor  Protection  Corporation  has taken the position that the provisions of
the Securities Investor Protection Act of 1970 ("SIPA") do not protect the other
party with respect to such Transaction hereunder;

     (b) in the  case  of a  Transaction  in  which  one  of  the  parties  is a
government  securities broker or a government  securities dealer registered with
the SEC under Section 15C of the 1934 Act,  SIPA will not provide  protection to
the other party with respect to such Transaction hereunder; and

     (c) in the case of a Transaction in which one of the parties is a financial
institution,   funds  held  by  the  financial   institution  pursuant  to  such
Transaction  hereunder  are not a deposit and  therefore  are not insured by the
Federal  Deposit  Insurance  Corporation  or the  National  Credit  Union  Share
Insurance Fund, as applicable.

                                  Section 32.

                                 AUTHORIZATIONS

     Any of the  persons  whose  names  and  titles  appear  on  Schedule  4 are
authorized,  acting singly, to act for each Seller or Buyer, as the case may be,
under this Repurchase Agreement.

                                  Section 33.

                                  MISCELLANEOUS

     (a) Counterparts.  This Repurchase  Agreement may be executed in any number
of  counterparts,  all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same
instrument,  and any of the parties hereto may execute this Repurchase Agreement
by signing any such counterpart.

     (b) Captions.  The captions and headings  appearing herein are for included
solely  for  convenience  of  reference  and  are not  intended  to  affect  the
interpretation of any provision of this Repurchase Agreement.

     (c) Acknowledgment. Each party hereby acknowledges that:

     (i) it has been  advised  by  counsel  in the  negotiation,  execution  and
delivery of this Repurchase Agreement and the other Repurchase  Documents;

                                      -57-

<PAGE>

     (ii) the  Buyer  and the  Sellers  have no  fiduciary  relationship  to one
another; and

     (iii) no joint venture exists between the Buyer and either Seller.

                                  Section 34.

                         Joint and Several OBLIGATIONS.

     Sellers  and Buyer  hereby  acknowledge  and agree  that  Sellers  are each
jointly   and   severally   liable  to  Buyer   for  all  of  their   respective
representations, warranties and covenants hereunder.

                      [THIS SPACE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]









                                      -58-

<PAGE>



     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have entered into this Repurchase Agreement
as of the date set forth above.


                                   BUYER:

                                   BEAR, STEARNS INTERNATIONAL LIMITED


                                   /s/Paul M. Friedman
                                   ---------------------------------------
                                   Name:  Paul M. Friedman
                                   Title:  Senior Managing Director


                                   Address for Notices:
                                   -------------------
                                   Bear, Stearns International Limited
                                   383 Madison Avenue
                                   New York, New York 10179
                                   Attn:  General Counsel
                                   Fax: 212-272-4933


                                   With a copy to:

                                   Bear, Stearns International Limited
                                   383 Madison Avenue
                                   New York, New York 10179
                                   Attn:  James J. Higgins, Senior Managing
                                            Director
                                   Fax: 212-272-7047




<PAGE>




                                   SELLER:


                                   CRIIMI NEWCO, LLC



                                   /s/David B. Iannarone
                                   -----------------------------------------
                                   Name:  David B. Iannarone
                                   Title:  Executive Vice President

                                   Address for Notices:
                                   -------------------
                                   11200 Rockville Pike
                                   Rockville, MD 20852
                                   Attention: Cindy Azzara
                                   Telecopier No.:  (301) 255-0620
                                   Telephone No:  (301) 816-2300


                                   SELLER:


                                   CBO REIT II, INC.



                                   /s/David B. Iannarone
                                   -----------------------------------
                                   Name:  David B. Iannarone
                                   Title:  Executive Vice President

                                   Address for Notices:
                                   -------------------
                                   11200 Rockville Pike
                                   Rockville, MD 20852
                                   Attention: Cindy Azzara
                                   Telecopier No.:  (301) 255-0620
                                   Telephone No:  (301) 816-2300



<PAGE>



                                   SCHEDULE 1

              REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES RE: SUBJECT SECURITIES



For purposes of this Schedule 1 and the representations and warranties set forth
herein, a breach of a representation or warranty shall be deemed to have been
cured with respect to a Subject Security if and when the related Seller has
taken or caused to be taken action such that the event, circumstance or
condition that gave rise to such breach no longer adversely affects such Subject
Security. With respect to those representations and warranties which are made to
the Knowledge of the Sellers, if it is discovered by the related Seller or the
Buyer that the substance of such representation and warranty is inaccurate,
notwithstanding such Seller's lack of knowledge with respect to the substance of
such representation and warranty, such inaccuracy shall be deemed a breach of
the applicable representation and warranty.

Each Seller represents and warrants to the Buyer, with respect to each Subject
Security, that as of the Purchase Date for the purchase of any Equity Interest
by the Buyer from the related Seller and as of the date of this Repurchase
Agreement and the Transaction hereunder and at all times while the Repurchase
Documents and the Transaction hereunder is in full force and effect, the
following:

     (a)  Securities  as  Described.  The  information  set  forth in the  Asset
Schedule is complete, true and correct:

     (b) Compliance with Applicable  Laws. To the Knowledge of the Sellers,  all
of the  Subject  Securities  have been  validly  issued in  accordance  with all
applicable laws, and are fully paid and non-assessable;

     (c) No Encumbrances. There are (i) no outstanding rights, options, warrants
or agreements for a purchase,  sale or issuance,  in connection with the Subject
Securities  other than any  clean-up  call  described  in the  related  offering
memorandum,  (ii) no agreements  on the part of either Seller to issue,  sell or
distribute  the  Subject  Securities,  and (iii) no  obligations  on the part of
either Seller (contingent or otherwise) to purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire
any  securities  or any  interest  therein  or to pay any  dividend  or make any
distribution in respect of the Subject Securities;

     (d) Ownership. The related Seller or REIT Subsidiary, as applicable, is, or
will be upon issuance of the Subject Securities, the record and beneficial owner
of, and has, or will have upon issuance,  good title to, the Subject  Securities
free of any and all  liens or  options  in favor of,  or  claims  of,  any other
Person, except the security interest created by this Repurchase Agreement;

     (e) First Priority Security  Interest;  Security  Entitlement.  The Subject
Securities,  to the extent pledged  hereunder,  shall be  unencumbered,  and the
Repurchase  Agreement,  together  with delivery to the Buyer and the filing of a
financing statement naming the related

                                    Sch. 1-1

<PAGE>

Seller or REIT  Subsidiary as "debtor" and the Buyer as "secured party" and
describing  such Subject  Securities  as the  "collateral",  will create a valid
first priority  perfected  security interest in such Subject Securities in favor
of the Buyer in  accordance  with its terms against all creditors of each Seller
and any Persons  purporting to purchase such Subject Securities from the related
Seller,  and without  limitation  the Buyer shall have a "security  entitlement"
thereto.  Each Seller has obtained  from any and all  concerned  creditors,  any
waivers, amendments, releases or acknowledgments necessary to create and perfect
in favor of the Buyer the first priority security interests provided herein;

     (f) Proper Form.  The Subject  Securities  are  certificated  securities in
registered  form,  or are in  uncertificated  form  and  (i)  held  through  the
facilities of a Relevant  System in book-entry  form, or (ii)  registered on the
books of the issuer thereof;

     (g) Validity of Governing  Agreement.  To the Knowledge of the Sellers, the
related  Securitization  Document and any other agreement executed and delivered
in  connection  with the  Securitization  Document are genuine,  and each is the
legal,  valid  and  binding  obligation  of the  maker  thereof  enforceable  in
accordance  with its  terms;  the  issuer of the  Subject  Securities  had legal
capacity to enter into the Securitization Document and the Trustee had the legal
capacity to execute and deliver Securitization  Document and any such agreement,
and the  Securitization  Document and any such other related  agreement to which
such issuer is a party have been duly and properly  executed by such issuer,  as
applicable;

     (h) Original Terms Unmodified.  To the Knowledge of the Sellers,  the terms
of the Securitization  Document and the related Subject Securities have not been
impaired, altered or modified in any material respect other than as set forth on
the Asset Schedule.

     (i) No Waiver.  Neither Seller has waived the performance by the Trustee of
any action,  if the  Trustee's  failure to perform  such action  would cause the
Securitization  Document  to be in  default,  nor has either  Seller  waived any
default resulting from any action or inaction by the Trustee.

     (j) No Defaults.  To the  Knowledge  of the  Sellers,  there is no default,
breach,  violation or event of  acceleration  existing under the  Securitization
Document and no event has occurred which,  with the passage of time or giving of
notice or both and the expiration of any grace or cure period,  would constitute
a default, breach,  violation or event of acceleration  thereunder,  and neither
Seller nor, to the Knowledge of the Sellers,  its  predecessors in interest have
waived any such default, breach, violation or event of acceleration.

     (k)  Subject  Securities  Assignable.  Each  Subject  Security  that  is  a
Transaction Asset is transferable to the Buyer subject to any documents required
to be delivered pursuant to the related  Securitization  Document, and each such
required  document  has been  delivered to the Buyer on or prior to the Purchase
Date.  The  Securitization  Document  permits  the  related  Seller to pledge or
transfer such Subject Security pursuant to the Repurchase Agreement.

     (l) Taxes. Each Seller or issuer of Subject Securities has timely filed all
federal  income tax returns and all other material tax returns that are required
to be filed by them and has timely paid all Taxes due, except for any such Taxes
as are being  appropriately  contested in good

                                    Sch. 1-2

<PAGE>

faith by appropriate  proceedings  diligently conducted and with respect to
which adequate reserves have been provided.  The charges,  accruals and reserves
on the books of each Seller or issuer with respect to the Subject  Securities in
respect of Taxes and other governmental charges are adequate.

     (m)  Nomura.  To the  Knowledge  of the  Sellers,  the issuer of the Nomura
Securities  is and has been at all times  since  its  organization  a REMIC,  as
defined in section 860D of the Code.

     (n) None of the  issuers  of the  Subject  Securities  is  subject  to U.S.
federal  income tax on a net income  basis,  or any other  material tax, duty or
other government charge.

                                    Sch. 1-3

<PAGE>



                                   SCHEDULE 2

                                    RESERVED







                                    Sch. 2-1

<PAGE>


                                   SCHEDULE 3


                                    RESERVED





                                    Sch. 3-1

<PAGE>


                                 SCHEDULE 4

                       RESPONSIBLE OFFICERS OF THE SELLERS

David B. Iannarone--Executive Vice President
Cynthia O. Azzara--Senior Vice President/Chief Financial Officer/Treasurer
Mark A. Libera--Vice President and General Counsel
Eugene Bredow--Vice President and Controller
Nancy E. Currier--Vice President and Assistant Secretary





                                  Sch. 4-1

<PAGE>



                        RESPONSIBLE OFFICERS OF THE BUYER

Paul Friedman--Senior Managing Director
David Marren--Director




                                    Sch. 4-2


<PAGE>


                                   SCHEDULE 5

                               SUBJECT SECURITIES

Nomura Securities:

Nomura Asset Securities Corporation, NASC Commercial Mortgage Trust 1998-D6,
Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 1998-D6,
Class B7 Certificates.  [Owned by CBO REIT II]

CBO-1 Securities:

CRIIMI MAE Trust I Commercial Mortgage Bond, Series 1996-C1: Class P Owner Trust
Certificates. [Owned by CRIIMI QRS1]

CRIIMI MAE Trust I Commercial Mortgage Bond, Series 1996-C1: Class R Owner Trust
Certificates. [Owned by CRIIMI QRS1]

CRIIMI MAE Trust I Commercial Mortgage Bond, Series 1996-C1:  Class XS Owner
Trust Certificate. [Owned by CRIIMI QRS1]

CRIIMI MAE Trust I Commercial Mortgage Bond, Series 1996-C1: Class F Bond.
[Owned by CRIIMI QRS1]

CBO-2 Securities:

CRIIMI MAE Commercial Mortgage Trust, Commercial Mortgage Bonds, Series 1998-C1
Class A Owner Trust Certificate. [Owned by CRIIMI CMBS]

CRIIMI MAE Commercial Mortgage Trust, Commercial Mortgage Bonds, Series 1998-C1,
Class R Owner Trust Certificate. [Owned by CRIIMI CMBS]

CRIIMI MAE Commercial Mortgage Trust, Commercial Mortgage Bonds, Series 1998-C1,
Class D1 Bonds. [Owned by CBO REIT II].

CRIIMI MAE Commercial Mortgage Trust, Commercial Mortgage Bonds, Series 1998-C1,
Class D2 Bonds. [Owned by CBO REIT II]

CRIIMI MAE Commercial Mortgage Trust, Commercial Mortgage Bonds, Series 1998-C1,
Class E Bonds. [Owned by CBO REIT II]

CRIIMI MAE Commercial Mortgage Trust, Commercial Mortgage Bonds, Series 1998-C1,
Class F Bonds. [Owned by CBO REIT II]

CRIIMI MAE Commercial Mortgage Trust, Commercial Mortgage Bonds, Series 1998-C1,
Class G Bonds. [Owned by CBO REIT II]

                                    Sch. 5-1

<PAGE>

CRIIMI MAE Commercial Mortgage Trust, Commercial Mortgage Bonds, Series 1998-C1,
Class H1 Bonds. [Owned by CBO REIT II]

CRIIMI MAE Commercial Mortgage Trust, Commercial Mortgage Bonds, Series 1998-C1,
Class H2 Bonds. [Owned by CBO REIT II]

CRIIMI MAE Commercial Mortgage Trust, Commercial Mortgage Bonds, Series 1998-C1,
Class J Bonds. [Owned by CBO REIT II]





                                    Sch. 5-2


<PAGE>


                                   SCHEDULE 6

                                 ASSET SCHEDULE

CBO REIT II Purchased Stock:

Certificates Number 1 representing 1000 shares of common stock and Certificate
 Number 3 representing 400 shares of preferred stock issued to CRIIMI Newco,
LLC by CBO REIT II, Inc. with a duly executed stock power from CRIIMI Newco,
LLC.

CMBS Corp. Purchased Stock:
--------------------------

Certificate number 1 representing 1000 shares of common stock issued to
CRIIMI MAE Inc. by CRIIMI MAE CMBS Corp., with (a) a stock power endorsed from
CRIIMI MAE Inc. to CRIIMI Newco Member Inc., (b) a stock power endorsed from
CRIIMI Newco Member, Inc. to CRIIMI Newco LLC, (c) a stock power endorsed
from CRIIMI Newco, LLC to CBO REIT II, Inc. and (d) a stock power endorsed
in blank from CBO REIT II, Inc.

QRS 1 Purchased Stock:

Certificate number 1 representing 100 shares of common stock issued to CRIIMI
MAE Inc. by CRIIMI MAE QRS 1, Inc. with (a) a stock power endorsed from CRIIMI
MAE Inc. to CRIIMI Newco Member Inc., (b) a stock power endorsed from CRIIMI
Newco Member, Inc. to CRIIMI Newco LLC, (c) a stock power endorsed from CRIIMI
Newco, LLC to CBO REIT II, Inc. and (d) a stock power endorsed in blank from
CBO REIT II, Inc.

Nomura Securities:

Nomura Asset Securities Corporation, NASC Commercial Mortgage Trust 1998-D6,
Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, Series 1998-D6, Class B7
Certificates.

CBO-2 Securities:

CRIIMI MAE Commercial Mortgage Trust, Commercial Mortgage Bonds, Series 1998-C1,
Class D1 Bonds.

CRIIMI MAE Commercial Mortgage Trust, Commercial Mortgage Bonds, Series 1998-C1,
Class D2 Bonds.

CRIIMI MAE Commercial Mortgage Trust, Commercial Mortgage Bonds, Series 1998-C1,
Class E Bonds.

CRIIMI MAE Commercial Mortgage Trust, Commercial Mortgage Bonds, Series 1998-C1,
Class F Bonds.

CRIIMI MAE Commercial Mortgage Trust, Commercial Mortgage Bonds, Series 1998-C1,
Class G Bonds.

                                    Sch. 6-1

<PAGE>

CRIIMI MAE Commercial Mortgage Trust, Commercial Mortgage Bonds, Series 1998-C1,
Class H1 Bonds.

CRIIMI MAE Commercial Mortgage Trust, Commercial Mortgage Bonds, Series 1998-C1,
Class H2 Bonds.

CRIIMI MAE Commercial Mortgage Trust, Commercial Mortgage Bonds, Series 1998-C1,
Class J Bonds.



                                    Sch. 6-2

<PAGE>


                                   SCHEDULE 7

                              EXISTING INDEBTEDNESS

The outstanding Series A Senior Secured Notes and Series B Senior Secured Notes
of the Guarantor.

The Master Repurchase Agreement (including all annexes thereto) between the
Guarantor and ORIX Capital Markets, LLC (the successor in interest to Merrill
Lynch Mortgage Capital, Inc. and German American Capital Corporation).








                                    Sch. 7-1


<PAGE>



                                   SCHEDULE 8

                          LIST OF MAJOR BROKER DEALERS



Lehman Brothers Inc.

Goldman, Sachs & Co.

Morgan Stanley Dean Witter

Credit Suisse First Boston Corporation

Bear, Stearns & Co. Inc.

Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.

Greenwich Capital Markets, Inc.

JP Morgan Securities Inc.

Wachovia Securities, Inc.

Banc of America Securities LLC

Salomon Smith Barney Inc.

Nomura Securities International, Inc.

UBS Warburg LLC




                                    Sch. 7-1

<PAGE>


                                                                  EXHIBIT A

                             FORM OF OPINION LETTER

Bear, Stearns International Limited
383 Madison Avenue
New York, New York 10179

Dear Sirs and Mesdames:

You have requested our opinion as counsel to CRIIMI MAE, Inc., a corporation
organized and existing under the laws of Maryland ("CRIIMI"), CRIIMI NEWCO, LLC,
a limited liability company organized and existing under the laws of Maryland
("Newco"), CBO REIT, Inc., a corporation organized and existing under the laws
of Maryland ("CBO REIT"), and CBO REIT II, Inc., a corporation organized and
existing under the laws of Maryland ("CBO REIT II", and collectively with Newco,
the "Sellers"), with respect to certain matters in connection with that certain
Repurchase Agreement governing purchases and sales of certain Transaction
Assets, dated as of January __, 2003 (the "Repurchase Agreement"), by and among
the Sellers and Bear, Stearns International Limited (the "Buyer"), that certain
Control Agreement, dated as of January __, 2003 (the "Control Agreement"), by
and between the Buyer, the Sellers and [BANK], that certain Subsidiary
Agreement, dated as of January __, 2003 (the "Subsidiary Agreement"), by and
between CRIIMI MAE QRS1, Inc., a corporation organized and existing under the
laws of Delaware ("CRIIMI QRS1"), and CRIIMI MAE CMBS Corp., a corporation
organized and existing under the laws of Delaware ("CRIIMI CMBS", and
collectively with CRIIMI QRS1, the "REIT Subsidiaries") in favor of the Buyer,
that certain Contribution Agreement, dated as of January __, 2003 (the
"Contribution Agreement"), by and between the Sellers, [insert description of
transfer documents, pursuant to which CBO REIT's assets are transferred to CBO
REIT II] (the "Transfer Agreements") and that certain Guarantee, dated as of
January __, 2003 (the "Guarantee"), by CRIIMI in favor of the Buyer. The
Repurchase Agreement, the Subsidiary Agreement, the Contribution Agreement, the
Guarantee, the Transfer Agreements and the Control Agreement are hereinafter
collectively referred to as the "Governing Agreements." [Note: "Governing
Agreements" may have to include the agreements pursuant to which the CBO REIT
assets end up as assets of CBO REIT II.] Capitalized terms not otherwise defined
herein have the meanings set forth in the Repurchase Agreement.

                  We have examined the following documents:

                  1.       the Repurchase Agreement;

                  2.       the Control Agreement;

                  3.       the Subsidiary Agreement;

                  4.       the Guarantee;

                  5.       the Contribution Agreement;

                                    Exh. A-1

<PAGE>


                  6.       the Transfer Agreements;

                  7.       the Securitization Documents;

                  8.       unfiled copies of the financing statements listed on
                           Schedule 1 (collectively, the "Financing Statements")
                           naming each Seller as debtor and the Buyer as secured
                           party and describing the Transaction Assets (as
                           defined in the Repurchase Agreement) as to which
                           security interests may be perfected by filing under
                           the Uniform Commercial Code of the States listed on
                           Schedule 1 (the "Filing Collateral"), which we
                           understand will be filed in the filing offices listed
                           on Schedule 1 (the "Filing Offices");

                  9.       the reports listed on Schedule 2 as to UCC financing
                           statements (collectively, the "UCC Search Report")
                           naming the Sellers as debtor and on file in the
                           Filing Office; and

                  10.      the organizational documents of CRIIMI, the Sellers
                           and the REIT Subsidiaries, and such other documents,
                           records and papers as we have deemed necessary and
                           relevant as a basis for this opinion.

     We have  assumed  the  authenticity  of all  documents  submitted  to us as
originals,  the  genuineness  of all  signatures,  the legal capacity of natural
persons and the conformity to the originals of all documents  submitted to us as
copies.

     Based upon the foregoing, it is our opinion that:

     1. CBO REIT II is a corporation  duly  organized,  validly  existing and in
good  standing  under  the laws of the State of  Maryland  and is  qualified  to
transact  business in, and is in good standing under,  the laws of the [State of
__________].  Newco is a  limited  liability  company  duly  organized,  validly
existing  and in good  standing  under the laws of the State of Delaware  and is
qualified to transact  business in, and is in good standing  under,  the laws of
the [State of __________].

     2. CRIIMI is a corporation  duly  organized,  validly  existing and in good
standing  under the laws of the State of Maryland  and is  qualified to transact
business  in,  and  is in  good  standing  under,  the  laws  of the  [State  of
__________].

     3. CRIIMI QRS1 is a corporation  duly  organized,  validly  existing and in
good  standing  under  the laws of the State of  Delaware  and is  qualified  to
transact  business in, and is in good standing under,  the laws of the [State of
__________].  CRIIMI CMBS is a corporation duly organized,  validly existing and
in good  standing  under the laws of the State of Delaware  and is  qualified to
transact  business in, and is in good standing under,  the laws of the [State of
__________].

     4. CBO REIT is a corporation  duly organized,  validly existing and in good
standing  under the laws of the State of Maryland  and is  qualified to transact
business  in,  and  is in  good  standing  under,  the  laws  of the  [State  of
__________].

                                    Exh. A-2

<PAGE>

     5. At the date hereof, the authorized capital stock of CBO REIT II consists
of 1,000 shares of common stock and 499 shares of preferred  stock, of which all
shares have been  designated  Series A Preferred  Stock.  As of the date of this
Agreement,  1,000  shares of common  stock and 400 shares of Series A  Preferred
Stock were issued and outstanding.  All of the issued and outstanding  shares of
capital stock of CBO REIT II are validly  issued,  fully paid and  nonassessable
and free of preemptive rights. To the best of our knowledge, there are no shares
of capital stock of CBO REIT II issued or outstanding,  no options,  warrants or
rights to acquire,  or other securities  convertible into,  capital stock of CBO
REIT II, and no agreements or commitments  obligating CBO REIT II to issue, sell
or acquire any shares of its capital stock.

     6.  All  the  outstanding  shares  of  capital  stock  of CBO  REIT  II are
beneficially  owned by  Newco,  directly  or  indirectly,  free and clear of any
restrictions on transfer (other than  restrictions  under the Securities Act and
state or  foreign  securities  laws) or, to the best of our  knowledge,  claims,
Liens, options, warrants, rights, contracts or commitments,  and all such shares
are, to the best of our knowledge, duly authorized,  validly issued, fully paid,
nonassessable and free of preemptive rights.

     7. At the date hereof, the authorized capital stock of CRIIMI QRS1 consists
of 100 shares of common stock and the  authorized  stock of CRIIMI CMBS consists
of 1,000 shares of common stock. As of the date of this Agreement, 100 shares of
common  stock with  respect to CRIIMI QRS1 and 1000 shares of common  stock with
respect  to CRIIMI  CMBS were  issued  and  outstanding.  All of the  issued and
outstanding  shares of capital  stock with respect to each REIT  Subsidiary  are
validly issued,  fully paid and nonassessable and free of preemptive  rights. To
the best of our  knowledge,  there are no shares of capital stock of either REIT
Subsidiary issued or outstanding,  no options, warrants or rights to acquire, or
other securities convertible into, capital stock of either REIT Subsidiary,  and
no agreements or commitments obligating either REIT Subsidiary to issue, sell or
acquire any shares of its capital stock.

     8. All the outstanding  shares of capital stock of each REIT Subsidiary are
beneficially owned by CBO REIT II, directly or indirectly, free and clear of any
restrictions on transfer (other than  restrictions  under the Securities Act and
state or  foreign  securities  laws) or, to the best of our  knowledge,  claims,
Liens, options, warrants, rights, contracts or commitments,  and all such shares
are, to the best of our knowledge, duly authorized,  validly issued, fully paid,
nonassessable and free of preemptive rights.

     9. The execution,  delivery and performance by each Seller of the Governing
Agreements  to which it is a party,  and the sales by each Seller and the pledge
of the  Transaction  Assets  under  the  Repurchase  Agreement  have  been  duly
authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of such Seller. Each of
the Governing  Agreements  have been executed and delivered by each Seller,  and
are legal,  valid and binding  agreements  enforceable in accordance  with their
respective  terms  against such  Seller,  subject to  bankruptcy  laws and other
similar laws of general application affecting rights of creditors and subject to
the  application  of  the  rules  of  equity,  including  those  respecting  the
availability of specific  performance,  none of which will materially  interfere
with the  realization  of the benefits  provided  thereunder or with the Buyer's
purchase of the Transaction  Assets and/or the Buyer's security  interest in the
Transaction Assets.

                                    Exh. A-3


<PAGE>

     10. The execution,  delivery and performance by each REIT Subsidiary of the
Governing  Agreements  to which it is a party have been duly  authorized  by all
necessary  corporate  action  on the part of such REIT  Subsidiary.  Each of the
Governing  Agreements have been executed and delivered by each REIT  Subsidiary,
and are legal, valid and binding agreements enforceable in accordance with their
respective  terms against such REIT  Subsidiary,  subject to bankruptcy laws and
other  similar laws of general  application  affecting  rights of creditors  and
subject to the application of the rules of equity,  including  those  respecting
the  availability  of  specific  performance,  none  of  which  will  materially
interfere with the realization of the benefits provided thereunder.

     11. The  execution,  delivery and  performance  by CRIIMI of the  Governing
Agreements  to which it is a party have been duly  authorized  by all  necessary
corporate  action on the part of CRIIMI.  Each of the Governing  Agreements have
been  executed  and  delivered  by  CRIIMI,  and are  legal,  valid and  binding
agreements enforceable in accordance with their respective terms against CRIIMI,
subject  to  bankruptcy  laws and  other  similar  laws of  general  application
affecting  rights of creditors  and subject to the  application  of the rules of
equity,  including those  respecting the  availability of specific  performance,
none of which will  materially  interfere  with the  realization of the benefits
provided thereunder.

     12. The  execution,  delivery and  performance by CBO REIT of the Governing
Agreements  to which it is a party have been duly  authorized  by all  necessary
corporate action on the part of CBO REIT. Each of the Governing  Agreements have
been  executed  and  delivered  by CBO REIT,  and are legal,  valid and  binding
agreements  enforceable in accordance  with their  respective  terms against CBO
REIT,  subject to bankruptcy laws and other similar laws of general  application
affecting  rights of creditors  and subject to the  application  of the rules of
equity,  including those  respecting the  availability of specific  performance,
none of which will  materially  interfere  with the  realization of the benefits
provided thereunder.

     13. No  consent,  approval,  authorization  or order  of,  and no filing or
registration  with,  any  court or  governmental  agency or  regulatory  body is
required on the part of each Seller for the  execution,  delivery or performance
by such Seller of the Governing  Agreements  to which it is a party,  or for the
sales  by  each  Seller  under  the  Repurchase  Agreement  or the  sale  of the
Transaction  Assets to the Buyer and/or the  granting of a security  interest to
the Buyer in the Transaction Assets pursuant to the Repurchase Agreement.

     14. No  consent,  approval,  authorization  or order  of,  and no filing or
registration  with,  any  court or  governmental  agency or  regulatory  body is
required  on the part of each REIT  Subsidiary  for the  execution,  delivery or
performance by such REIT Subsidiary of the Governing Agreements to which it is a
party.

     15. No  consent,  approval,  authorization  or order  of,  and no filing or
registration  with,  any  court or  governmental  agency or  regulatory  body is
required on the part of CRIIMI for the execution, delivery or performance of the
Governing Agreements to which it is a party.

     16. No  consent,  approval,  authorization  or order  of,  and no filing or
registration  with,  any  court or  governmental  agency or  regulatory  body is
required on the part of

                                    Exh. A-4

<PAGE>

CBO  REIT for the  execution,  delivery  or  performance  of the  Governing
Agreements to which it is a party.

     17. The  execution,  delivery  and  performance  by each Seller of, and the
consummation of the transactions  contemplated  by, the Governing  Agreements to
which  it is a party  do not and  will not (a)  violate  any  provision  of such
Seller's charter,  by-laws or other  organizational  documents,  (b) violate any
applicable law, rule or regulation,  (c) violate any order, writ,  injunction or
decree of any court or  governmental  authority or agency or any arbitral  award
applicable to such Seller of which we have knowledge  (after due inquiry) or (d)
result in a breach of, constitute a default under, require any consent under, or
result in the acceleration or required  prepayment of any indebtedness  pursuant
to the terms of, any  agreement or instrument to which such Seller is a party or
by which it is bound or to which it is subject, or (except for the Liens created
pursuant to the  Repurchase  Agreement)  result in the creation or imposition of
any Lien upon any  Property  of such  Seller  pursuant  to the terms of any such
agreement or instrument.

     18. The execution, delivery and performance by each REIT Subsidiary of, and
the consummation of the transactions  contemplated by, the Governing  Agreements
to which it is a party do not and will not (a)  violate  any  provision  of such
REIT  Subsidiary's  charter,  by-laws  or other  organizational  documents,  (b)
violate any  applicable  law, rule or regulation,  (c) violate any order,  writ,
injunction  or decree of any court or  governmental  authority  or agency or any
arbitral  award  applicable to such REIT  Subsidiary of which we have  knowledge
(after due inquiry) or (d) result in a breach of,  constitute  a default  under,
require any consent under, or result in the acceleration or required  prepayment
of any  indebtedness  pursuant to the terms of, any  agreement or  instrument to
which such REIT  Subsidiary is a party or by which it is bound or to which it is
subject,  or result in the creation or  imposition of any Lien upon any Property
of  such  REIT  Subsidiary  pursuant  to the  terms  of any  such  agreement  or
instrument.

     19.  The  execution,  delivery  and  performance  by  CRIIMI  of,  and  the
consummation of the transactions  contemplated  by, the Governing  Agreements to
which it is a party do not and will not (a)  violate any  provision  of CRIIMI's
charter,  by-laws or other organizational  documents, (b) violate any applicable
law, rule or regulation,  (c) violate any order,  writ,  injunction or decree of
any court or governmental  authority or agency or any arbitral award  applicable
to CRIIMI of which we have  knowledge  (after  due  inquiry)  or (d) result in a
breach of,  constitute a default under,  require any consent under, or result in
the  acceleration  or required  prepayment of any  indebtedness  pursuant to the
terms of, any  agreement or instrument to which CRIIMI is a party or by which it
is bound or to which it is subject,  or result in the creation or  imposition of
any Lien upon any Property of CRIIMI pursuant to the terms of any such agreement
or instrument.

     20.  The  execution,  delivery  and  performance  by CBO REIT  of,  and the
consummation of the transactions  contemplated  by, the Governing  Agreements to
which it is a party do not and will not (a) violate any  provision of CBO REIT's
charter,  by-laws or other organizational  documents, (b) violate any applicable
law, rule or regulation,  (c) violate any order,  writ,  injunction or decree of
any court or governmental  authority or agency or any arbitral award  applicable
to CBO REIT of which we have  knowledge  (after due  inquiry) or (d) result in a
breach of,  constitute a default under,  require any consent under, or result in
the  acceleration  or

                                    Exh. A-5

<PAGE>

required  prepayment  of any  indebtedness  pursuant  to the terms of,  any
agreement or  instrument to which CBO REIT is a party or by which it is bound or
to which it is subject, or result in the creation or imposition of any Lien upon
any  Property  of CBO  REIT  pursuant  to the  terms of any  such  agreement  or
instrument.

     21. There is no action,  suit,  proceeding or investigation  pending or, to
the best of our  knowledge,  threatened  against  either  Seller  which,  in our
judgment,  either in any one instance or in the  aggregate,  would be reasonably
likely to result in any material  adverse change in the properties,  business or
financial  condition,  or prospects of such Seller or in any material impairment
of the right or ability of such Seller to carry on its business substantially as
now  conducted or in any material  liability on the part of such Seller or which
would draw into question the validity of the Governing Agreements to which it is
a party  or the  Transaction  Assets  or of any  action  taken or to be taken in
connection  with  the  transactions  contemplated  thereby,  or  which  would be
reasonably  likely to impair  materially  the  ability of such Seller to perform
under  the  terms  of the  Governing  Agreements  to  which it is a party or the
Transaction Assets.

     22. There is no action,  suit,  proceeding or investigation  pending or, to
the best of our knowledge,  threatened  against either REIT Subsidiary which, in
our  judgment,  either  in any  one  instance  or in  the  aggregate,  would  be
reasonably  likely to result in any material  adverse change in the  properties,
business or financial condition,  or prospects of such REIT Subsidiary or in any
material  impairment of the right or ability of such REIT Subsidiary to carry on
its business  substantially as now conducted or in any material liability on the
part of such REIT  Subsidiary  or which would draw into question the validity of
the Governing  Agreements to which it is a party or the Subject Securities or of
any action taken or to be taken in connection with the transactions contemplated
thereby, or which would be reasonably likely to impair materially the ability of
such REIT  Subsidiary to perform under the terms of the Governing  Agreements to
which it is a party or the Subject Securities.

     23. There is no action,  suit,  proceeding or investigation  pending or, to
the best of our knowledge,  threatened  against  CRIIMI which,  in our judgment,
either in any one instance or in the  aggregate,  would be reasonably  likely to
result in any material  adverse change in the properties,  business or financial
condition,  or prospects of CRIIMI or in any material impairment of the right or
ability of CRIIMI to carry on its business  substantially as now conducted or in
any material  liability on the part of CRIIMI or which would draw into  question
the validity of the Governing Agreements to which it is a party or of any action
taken or to be taken in connection with the transactions  contemplated  thereby,
or which would be reasonably  likely to impair  materially the ability of CRIIMI
to perform under the terms of the Governing Agreements to which it is a party.

     24. There is no action,  suit,  proceeding or investigation  pending or, to
the best of our knowledge,  threatened  against CBO REIT which, in our judgment,
either in any one instance or in the  aggregate,  would be reasonably  likely to
result in any material  adverse change in the properties,  business or financial
condition,  or prospects of CBO REIT or in any material  impairment of the right
or ability of CBO REIT to carry on its business  substantially  as now conducted
or in any  material  liability  on the part of CBO REIT or which would draw into
question the validity of the Governing  Agreements to which it is a party or the
Transaction

                                    Exh. A-6

<PAGE>

Assets  or of any  action  taken  or to be  taken  in  connection  with the
transactions contemplated thereby, or which would be reasonably likely to impair
materially  the ability of CBO REIT to perform  under the terms of the Governing
Agreements to which it is a party or the Transaction Assets.

     25. The Repurchase Agreement is effective to create, in favor of the Buyer,
either a valid sale of the  Transaction  Assets to the Buyer or a valid security
interest  under  the  Uniform  Commercial  Code in all of the  right,  title and
interest of each Seller in, to and under the  Transaction  Assets as  collateral
security  for the  payment of each  Seller's  obligations  under the  Repurchase
Agreement,  except  that  (a)  such  security  interest  will  continue  in  the
Transaction  Assets after their sale,  exchange or other disposition only to the
extent  provided  in  Section  9-315 of the  Uniform  Commercial  Code,  (b) the
security  interest  of the Buyer in the  Transaction  Assets in which any Seller
acquires  rights after the  commencement  of a case under the Bankruptcy Code in
respect of such Seller may be limited by Section 552 of the Bankruptcy Code.

     26. The Repurchase Agreement is effective to create, in favor of the Buyer,
either a valid sale of the  Transaction  Assets to the Buyer or a valid security
interest  under  the  Uniform  Commercial  Code in all of the  right,  title and
interest  of CBO REIT in,  to and  under the  Transaction  Assets as  collateral
security  for  the  payment  of CBO  REIT's  obligations  under  the  Repurchase
Agreement,  except  that  (a)  such  security  interest  will  continue  in  the
Transaction  Assets after their sale,  exchange or other disposition only to the
extent  provided  in  Section  9-315 of the  Uniform  Commercial  Code,  (b) the
security  interest  of the  Buyer in the  Transaction  Assets  in which CBO REIT
acquires  rights after the  commencement  of a case under the Bankruptcy Code in
respect of CBO REIT may be limited by Section 552 of the Bankruptcy Code.

     27. When the Transaction  Assets  consisting of  "certificated  securities"
(within the meaning of Section  8-102(a)(4) of the Uniform  Commercial Code) are
delivered to the Buyer, the security interest referred to in Section 16 above in
the Transaction Assets will constitute a fully perfected first priority security
interest in all right, title and interest of each Seller therein.

     28. (a) Upon the filing of financing  statements on Form UCC-1 with respect
to each Seller naming the Buyer as "Secured Party" and the respective  Seller as
a "Debtor",  and describing the Transaction  Assets,  in the  jurisdictions  and
recording offices listed on Schedule 1 attached hereto,  the security  interests
referred  to in  Section  16 above  will  constitute  fully  perfected  security
interests under the Uniform  Commercial Code in all right, title and interest of
each Seller in, to and under such Transaction Assets,  which can be perfected by
filing under the Uniform Commercial Code.

     (b) The UCC Search  Report  sets forth the proper  filing  offices  and the
proper  debtors  necessary  to  identify  those  Persons who have on file in the
jurisdictions listed on Schedule 1 financing statements covering the Transaction
Assets as of the dates and times  specified on Schedule 2. The UCC Search Report
identifies  no Person who has filed in any Filing  Office a financing  statement
describing the Transaction Assets prior to the effective dates of the UCC Search
Report.

                                    Exh. A-7

<PAGE>

     29. The  provisions of the  Collection  Account  Agreement are effective to
cause the security interest of the Buyer in the Collection Account to be a fully
perfected first priority security interest therein.

     30. Neither the Seller's nor any  Subsidiary  thereof  (including,  without
limitation,  any REIT  Subsidiary)  is an  "investment  company",  or a  company
"controlled"  by an "investment  company,"  within the meaning of the Investment
Company Act of 1940, as amended.

     31.  Each of CRIIMI,  CBO REIT and CBO REIT II is and has been at all times
since its incorporation a "real estate investment  trust", as defined in section
856 of the Internal  Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.  Each REIT  Subsidiary is
and has been at all times since its incorporation a "qualified REIT subsidiary",
as  defined  in section  856(i)(2)  of the  Internal  Revenue  Code of 1986,  as
amended.


                                Very truly yours,



                                    Exh. A-8


<PAGE>


                                                                   EXHIBIT B

                           [FORM OF CONTROL AGREEMENT]


                                                [__________], 200__

[SELLER]
[ADDRESS]


Attn:

[BANK], as Bank
[ADDRESS]
Attn:
Re:               Collection Account Established by [SELLER/REIT SUBSIDIARY]
                  (the "Seller/REIT Subsidiary") at [_______________] (the
                  "Bank") pursuant to that certain Repurchase Agreement (as
                  amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time,
                  the "Repurchase Agreement"), dated January __, 2003, between
                  Bear, Stearns International Limited(the "Buyer"), and the
                  Sellers.

Ladies and Gentlemen:

     The Sellers have entered into the  Repurchase  Agreement  pursuant to which
the Buyer may enter into a Transaction  (as defined  therein)  secured by, among
other things, the payments made on account of Purchased Assets sold to the Buyer
under the Repurchase Agreement.  As a requirement of such Transaction,  all such
payments are required to be deposited  into the  Collection  Account  identified
below within two (2) Business Days of receipt.

     [The Seller]  [REIT  Subsidiary]  has  established  a  collection  account,
Account No. [_____],  for the account of Bear,  Stearns  International  Limited,
with the Bank,  ABA#  [__________]  (the  "Collection  Account")  which the Bank
maintains in the name of [Seller] [REIT Subsidiary]. The Sellers have granted to
the Buyer a  security  interest  in all  payments  deposited  in the  Collection
Account  with  respect  to the  Purchased  Assets  sold to the  Buyer  under the
Repurchase Agreement.

     The Bank acknowledges that (a) the Sellers have granted a security interest
in all of each Sellers' right,  title and interest in and to any funds from time
to time on deposit  in the  Collection  Account  with  respect to the  Purchased
Assets sold to the Buyer under the Repurchase Agreement, (b) that such funds are
received  by the Bank and,  except as provided  below,  are for  application  as
instructed  by the  [Seller]  [REIT  Subsidiary],  and (c) that  the Bank  shall
transfer funds from the Collection  Account in accordance with such instructions
until the Bank  receives  notice  from the Buyer  that an event of  default  has
occurred and is  continuing  under the  Repurchase  Agreement or the  Subsidiary
Agreement (a "Notice of Event of Default").  Upon

                                    Exh. B-1

<PAGE>

Bank's  receipt of a Notice of Event of  Default,  the Bank shall (i) in no
event (a) transfer funds from the Collection  Account to either Seller,  (b) act
on the instruction of either Seller or (c) cause or permit  withdrawals from the
Collection  Account in any manner not  approved by the Buyer in writing and (ii)
comply with  instructions  originated by the Buyer concerning the disposition of
funds in the Collection Account, without further consent from either Seller.

     In the  event  that the  Bank has or  subsequently  obtains  by  agreement,
operation of law or otherwise a security  interest in the Collection  Account or
funds held therein,  the Bank hereby agrees that such security interest shall be
subordinate  to the  security  interest  of the Buyer.  The funds or other items
deposited to the Collection  Account will not be subject to deduction,  set-off,
banker's  lien or any other  right in favor of any  person  other than the Buyer
(except  that the Bank may set off (i) all amounts due to the Bank in respect of
customary  fees and expenses for the routine  maintenance  and  operation of the
Collection  Account  and (ii) the face  amount  of any  checks  which  have been
credited to the Collection Account but are subsequently  returned unpaid because
of uncollected or insufficient funds).

     All bank  statements in respect to the Collection  Account shall be sent to
the [Seller] [REIT Subsidiary] at:

                 [SELLER] [REIT SUBSIDIARY]
                 [ADDRESS]
                 Attention:

                 with copies to Buyer at:

                   BEAR, STEARNS INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
                   383 Madison Avenue
                   New York, New York 10179
                   Attention: James J. Higgins






                                    Exh. B-2

<PAGE>


     Kindly  acknowledge  your  agreement  with the terms of this  agreement  by
signing the enclosed copy of this letter and returning it to the undersigned.


                                    Very truly yours,


                                    [CRIIMI NEWCO, LLC, as Seller


                                    By:_________________________________
                                    Title:


                                    CBO REIT II, INC., as Seller


                                    By:_________________________________
                                    Title:


                                    CRIIMI MAE CMBS Corp., as REIT
                                      Subsidiary


                                    By:_________________________________
                                    Title:


                                    CRIIMI MAE QRS1, Inc., as REIT
                                      Subsidiary


                                    By:_________________________________
                                    Title:]



Agreed and acknowledged:




BEAR, STEARNS INTERNATIONAL LIMITED



                                    Exh. B-3

<PAGE>

By:
   Name:________________________________________________
   Title:_______________________________________________



Agreed and Acknowledged:



[BANK], as Bank



By:_____________________________________________________
   Title:






                                    Exh. B-4



<PAGE>


                                                                  EXHIBIT C

                                   [RESERVED]









                                    Exh. C-1


<PAGE>

                                                                  EXHIBIT D

                           [FORM OF DIRECTION LETTER]

__________ __, 200___

____________________, as [Trustee]


Attention:  _______________
Re:      Repurchase  Agreement,  dated as of January __, 2003,  by and
         among Bear,  Stearns  International  Limited  ("Buyer"),  CRIIMI
         Newco, LLC and CBO REIT II, Inc. ("Sellers").

Ladies and Gentlemen:

     Pursuant to the [Repurchase]  [Subsidiary]  Agreement,  dated as of January
___ 2003 (the "Repurchase  Agreement"),  between the Buyer and the Sellers,  you
are  hereby  notified  that:  [(i) the Buyer has  purchased  from the Seller the
assets  described on Schedule 1 hereto (the "Subject  Securities")  (ii) each of
the Subject Securities is subject to a security interest in favor of the Buyer,]
and (iii) any  payments  or  distributions  made with  respect  to such  Subject
Securities  should be  remitted  immediately  by the  Trustee to the  Collection
Account, in accordance with the following wire instructions

                  Account No.: [____________________]

                  ABA No.:     [____________________]

                               [____________________]

                  Reference:   [____________________]

These instructions may not be modified or rescinded without the prior written
consent of the Buyer.



                                      D-1

<PAGE>


                                Very truly yours,


                                [Owner of Subject Securities]


                                By:
                                   ------------------------------------
                                   Name:
                                   Title:


                                BEAR, STEARNS INTERNATIONAL LIMITED


                                By:
                                   ------------------------------------
                                   Name:
                                   Title:




                                      E-2


<PAGE>


                                                                  Exhibit E


                           FORM OF TRANSACTION REQUEST

                                                                     [Date]

Bear, Stearns International Limited
[Address]
Attention: ________________

Re:      Repurchase Agreement dated as of ____________ __, 200__
         (the "Repurchase Agreement") by and among CBO REIT II, INC.,
         [NEWCO] (the "Sellers"), and Bear, Stearns International Limited

[Seller Name] hereby requests that Bear, Stearns International Limited ("BSIL")
enter into a Transaction with respect to the Purchased Assets listed on the
schedule attached to the Repurchase Agreement.

  PROPOSED PURCHASE PRICE:                                 $

  PROPOSED PURCHASE DATE:

The Repurchase Agreement is incorporated by reference into this Transaction
Request and is made a part hereof as if it were fully set forth herein. (All
capitalized terms used herein but not defined herein shall have the meanings
specified in the Repurchase Agreement.)

                                      [Name]

                                      By:______________________________
                                         Name:
                                         Title:

                                         [wire instructions]



                                      E-3

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
