<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>eng_ltr-0114.txt
<DESCRIPTION>ENGAGEMENT LETTER
<TEXT>


                                                                EXHIBIT 10.8


                      [BEAR, STEARNS & CO. INC. LETTERHEAD]






                                ENGAGEMENT LETTER
                                                            January 14, 2003

Criimi Mae Inc.
11200 Rockville Pike
Rockville, Maryland 20852

Attention:     David Iannarone
               Executive Vice President

Gentlemen:

     We are pleased to set forth the terms of the  retention of Bear,  Stearns &
Co. Inc. and/or one or more of its affiliates (collectively,  "Bear Stearns") by
Criimi Mae Inc.  (collectively  with its  affiliates,  the  "Company").

     1. Bear  Stearns  agrees to be engaged by the Company  with  respect to the
proposed  structuring  of a static  pool CDO  transaction  as more  particularly
described in this letter  agreement  (the  "Transaction").  Bear Stearns and the
Company  mutually agree to proceed in good faith to complete the Transaction and
this  letter  agreement  does not  obligate  any party to any  action  except as
specified below.  While this letter agreement  contemplates a certain  structure
for the  Transaction,  during  the  course of our  engagement  we may  recommend
structural  or other  changes to the  Transaction.  Bear Stearns and the Company
agree to negotiate in good faith  regarding  any  alteration to the terms of our
engagement  as  described  herein  arising from or in  connection  with any such
changes.

     2. In  accordance  with the terms and  conditions  described  herein,  Bear
Stearns  shall be  employed by the  Company  from the date  hereof as  exclusive
structurer  and advisor to the Company  with respect to the  Transaction  and as
sole  bookrunning  lead  underwriter/placement  agent for the  instruments to be
issued in connection  with the Transaction (as described in paragraph 4). In the
course of its  engagement,  Bear Stearns would first expect to work closely with
the Company,  its  associates  and outside legal  advisors,  in  developing  the
appropriate  structure and negotiating  with Moody's  Investors  Service,  Inc.,
Standard & Poor's  Rating  Services,  a division of The  McGraw-Hill  Companies,
Fitch,  Inc.  and/or any other  internationally  recognized  rating  agency (the
"Rating  Agencies")  that you and we agree may rate  certain of the

<PAGE>

CRIIMI MAE INC.
January 14, 2003
Page 2


instruments  issued in the Transaction,  and various other outside parties,
as  appropriate.  Bear Stearns would then expect to assist in the structuring of
the Transaction,  assist in the creation of one or more special purpose vehicles
(each an "SPV") as required for the  Transaction,  provide advice  regarding the
marketing  impact  of  structural   alternatives   and  ultimately   manage  the
underwriting  or placement of (i) one or more classes of investment  grade rated
notes (the "Notes")  secured by the  Collateral (as defined in paragraph 4), and
(ii)  if  deemed   advisable   by  Bear   Stearns,   one  or  more   classes  of
below-investment   grade  rated  debt  instruments  secured  by  the  Collateral
(together with the Notes, the "Securities").

     3. In  connection  with Bear Stearns'  activities  on the Company's  behalf
(including,  without  limitation,  entering into the  Transaction),  the Company
agrees  to  cooperate  with Bear  Stearns  and will  furnish  to, or cause to be
furnished  to, Bear  Stearns any and all  information  and data  concerning  the
Company,  the  Collateral and the  Transaction  (the  "Information")  which Bear
Stearns  deems  appropriate  and will  provide  Bear  Stearns with access to the
Company's officers, directors, employees,  appraisers,  independent accountants,
legal counsel and other  consultants  and advisors.  The Company  represents and
warrants  that, at all times during the period of the engagement of Bear Stearns
hereunder, all Information (a) made available to Bear Stearns at any time by the
Company  or (b)  contained  in any  filing  by the  Company  with  any  court or
governmental  regulatory agency,  commission or instrumentality  with respect to
the Transaction  will be complete and correct in all material  respects and will
not contain any untrue  statement of a material fact or omit to state a material
fact  necessary in order to make the  statements  therein not  misleading in the
light of the  circumstances  under which such  statements  are made. The Company
further  represents  and warrants  that any  projections  and other  Information
provided by it to Bear Stearns will have been prepared in good faith and will be
based upon assumptions that, in light of the circumstances  under which they are
made, are reasonable and/or that have been disclosed in writing to Bear Stearns.
The Company  acknowledges  and agrees that in rendering its services  hereunder,
Bear  Stearns  will be using and  relying on the  Information  (and  information
available from public sources and other sources deemed reliable by Bear Stearns)
without  independent   verification  thereof  by  Bear  Stearns  or  independent
appraisal by Bear Stearns of any of the Company's assets.  Bear Stearns does not
assume responsibility for the accuracy or completeness of the Information or any
other  information  regarding the Company or the  Transaction.  Any reference to
Bear Stearns in any public communication by the Company shall be subject to Bear
Stearns' prior written consent. The Company agrees to supplement the Information
provided by it from time to time so that the  representations  and warranties in
this paragraph  remain  correct.  The Company  acknowledges  and agrees that any
third  parties  engaged  by the  Company  in  connection  with  the  Transaction
(including without limitation  counsel,  accountants,  co-underwriters/placement
agents) must be reasonably acceptable to Bear Stearns.

     4. The material terms of the proposed Transaction are summarized below:

     o Approximate  principal amount of Notes:  Approximately  $300 million face
amount of Notes, backed by the Collateral.

     o The  Collateral:  Certain  securities as more  particularly  described on
Exhibit B hereto, and/or, if acceptable to Bear Stearns and the Rating Agencies,
common

<PAGE>

CRIIMI MAE INC.
January 14, 2003
Page 3


stock or other equity  interests in the entities  that own such  securities
(the "Collateral").

     o The Issuer:  Onshore and/or offshore SPV(s) (collectively,  the "Issuer")
created to purchase the Collateral and issue the Securities.

     o Pricing:  The actual pricing  levels for the Securities  will depend on a
number of factors,  including but not limited to: the general market  conditions
at the time of  pricing;  the size of each  tranche  in  relation  to the  other
tranches and to the size of the Transaction; the specific characteristics of the
Collateral  purchased  by the  Issuer,  the  yield  of the  Collateral,  and the
amortization schedule, and certain structural aspects of the Transaction.

     o The  Collateral  Administrator:  Pursuant to a collateral  administration
agreement  acceptable to the Company,  the Issuer and Bear Stearns to be entered
into  between  the  Issuer  and  the  Company  (the  "Collateral  Administration
Agreement"), the Company will serve as collateral administrator (the "Collateral
Administrator")  for the Issuer.

     5.  Following  Bear Stearns'  engagement by the Company,  Bear Stearns will
begin  preliminary  testing of the market for the Securities,  and following the
production  of  appropriate  offering  materials,  Bear  Stearns  will  begin an
extensive  marketing  of the  Securities  to potential  investors.  Through this
process,  Bear  Stearns  will use its  reasonable  best  efforts to identify the
specific  target  universe of investors that will allow the Issuer to achieve an
attractive  cost  of  funding  on  the   Securities,   while  also  meeting  the
Transaction's  other  objectives.  Based on our  past  experience  with  similar
transactions,  Bear  Stearns  expects  that  the  Securities  would  be  sold to
qualified institutional buyers pursuant to Rule 144A and/or to non-U.S.  persons
in  offshore  transactions  pursuant  to  Regulation  S. Once Bear  Stearns  has
established  the market  clearing  level for the  Securities  acceptable  to the
Company,  Bear Stearns would expect to sign a placement agency agreement for the
Securities.  All of the  interests  in the SPV other  than the  Securities  (the
"Equity") will be purchased by the Company.

Please also note that nothing in this letter agreement constitutes a binding
commitment to underwrite or place any securities, it being understood that Bear
Stearns' obligations in this regard will only be to use reasonable best efforts
to place the Securities pursuant to a definitive and mutually acceptable
placement agency agreement.

The Company agrees that proceeds from the sale of the Securities in the
Transaction, net of fees and expenses as contemplated hereunder, shall be used
first to repurchase the Collateral from Bear Stearns and repay any indebtedness
or other obligations of the Company to Bear Stearns, and then for general
corporate purposes of the Company.

     6.  Bear  Stearns'  obligations  hereunder  and  the  consummation  of  the
Transaction on the part of both Bear Stearns and the Company are contingent upon
the following conditions being satisfied or waived on or prior to the closing of
the Transaction:


<PAGE>

CRIIMI MAE INC.
January 14, 2003
Page 4


     o  Satisfactory  confirmation  by Bear Stearns of the  consummation  of the
transactions contemplated by the Investment Agreement,  dated as of November 14,
2002, between Brascan Real Estate Financial Investments LLC and the Company (the
"Brascan Agreement").

     o Due  diligence  satisfactory  to Bear  Stearns  in its  sole  discretion,
including,  without  limitation,  Bear Stearns'  satisfaction with the Company's
business and financial prospects.

     o The Securities  receive credit ratings by the Rating Agencies  acceptable
to each of Bear  Stearns and the Company in their sole  discretion.

     o Issuer is structured to be "bankruptcy  remote" in a manner  satisfactory
to Bear Stearns, the Company, and the Rating Agencies.

     o The aggregate  characteristics of the Collateral to be held by the Issuer
are acceptable to Bear Stearns,  the Company and the Rating Agencies.

     o The name of the Issuer is acceptable to Bear  Stearns,  the Company,  and
any applicable local authorities.

     o An  underwriting/subscription  agreement  or placement  agency  agreement
acceptable  to Bear  Stearns,  the Company  and the Issuer is executed  prior to
closing.

     o Documentation and legal opinions acceptable to Bear Stearns, the Company,
the Issuer and the Rating Agencies are delivered prior to closing.

     o The Company shall execute purchase agreements  acceptable to Bear Stearns
and the Issuer,  and, in  accordance  with such  agreements,  the Company  shall
purchase all of the Equity at the closing of the Transaction.

     o There shall not have  occurred  (i) any  material  adverse  change in the
business,  operations,  condition  (financial  or otherwise) or prospects of the
Collateral or the Company or any  development  involving a prospective  material
adverse change in the business,  operations,  condition (financial or otherwise)
or prospects  of the  Collateral  or the Company,  whether or not arising in the
ordinary  course of business,  which would,  in the reasonable  judgment of Bear
Stearns,  make it inadvisable or  impracticable  to proceed with any offering of
the Securities for the Transaction  and (ii) any material  adverse change in the
commercial loans market or the commercial mortgaged backed securities market.

     o There shall not have  occurred  (i) any change in U.S.  or  international
financial,  political  or  economic  conditions  or currency  exchange  rates or
exchange  controls  as would,  in the  judgment  of Bear  Stearns,  be likely to
prejudice  materially the

<PAGE>

CRIIMI MAE INC.
January 14, 2003
Page 5


success of the proposed  issue,  sale or  distribution  of the  Securities,
whether in the primary market or in respect of dealings in the secondary market,
(ii) any suspension or material limitation of trading in securities generally on
the New York Stock  Exchange  or the Irish  Stock  Exchange,  or any  setting of
minimum prices for trading on such exchange, or any suspension of trading of any
securities  of the Issuer on any  exchange  or in the  over-the-counter  market,
(iii) any commercial  banking  moratorium  declared by U.S.  Federal or New York
authorities,   (iv)  any  material   disruption  in  commercial  banking  or  of
settlements of securities or clearance  services in the United States or (v) any
attack on, outbreak or escalation of hostilities or acts of terrorism  involving
the United States,  any  declaration of war by Congress or any other national or
international  calamity or emergency  if, in the judgment of Bear  Stearns,  the
effect of any such attack, outbreak,  escalation, act, declaration,  calamity or
emergency  makes it impractical or inadvisable to proceed with completion of the
purchase  and  initial  resale of, or the  placement  of, and payment  for,  the
Securities or (vi) any change in national or international financial,  political
or  economic  conditions,  and in the  case of any of the  events  specified  in
clauses  (i) through  (vi),  such event  singly or together  with any other such
event makes it, in the  reasonable  judgment of Bear Stearns,  impracticable  to
market the Securities and, in the case of any of the events specified in clauses
(v) and (vi), such effect singly or together with any other such event makes it,
in the judgment of Bear Stearns,  impractical or inadvisable to proceed with the
Transaction.

     o The Company shall not be in default, and no event of default shall exist,
under any agreement to which Bear Stearns and the Company are parties.

     o The Company shall make  representations and warranties for the benefit of
Bear Stearns and investors  that are standard for a static pool CDO  transaction
with terms similar to this  Transaction,  as well as such other  representations
and warranties as Bear Stearns  reasonably  deems advisable due to the nature of
the  Transaction  and/or the  Collateral.

     7. In connection  with its engagement  hereunder,  subject to the following
paragraph,  Bear Stearns will receive from the Company the following fees at the
times and under the circumstances  hereinafter specified:  (a) a structuring fee
(the "Structuring  Fee") in the amount of $2 million,  which fee shall be earned
upon  the  printing  of a  preliminary  offering  circular  for  the  Securities
(provided that either the Investment  Grade  Securities  Test, as defined below,
has been met or the Investment  Grade  Securities  Test has not been met but the
Company  elects to proceed  with such  printing)  and shall be payable  upon the
earlier  of (i)  90  days  after  such  printing  or  (ii)  the  closing  of the
Transaction;  (b) a placement fee (the "Placement Fee") equal to the excess,  if
any, of (i) 2.5% of the face amount of all Securities sold to parties other than
the Company,  over (ii) any Structuring Fee payable  pursuant to the immediately
preceding  clause  (a),  which  fee shall be  payable  upon the  closing  of the
Transaction;  and (c) an  additional  placement fee (the  "Additional  Placement
Fee") of up to 0.5% of the face amount of all  Securities  sold to parties other
than  the  Company,  which  fee  shall  be  payable  upon  the  closing  of  the
Transaction,  to be

<PAGE>

CRIIMI MAE INC.
January 14, 2003
Page 6


allocated  to any  co-managers  engaged  for  the  Transaction,  as  deemed
necessary and appropriate by Bear Stearns and the Company in joint consultation.
The engagement of Co-Managers in connection with the Transaction  will be at the
reasonable  discretion of Bear Stearns,  exercised after  consultation  with the
Company.  All of the foregoing  fees, to the extent  payable as provided  above,
will be payable to Bear Stearns or its assignees.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Company, for any reason (including without
limitation the inability or failure to satisfy the conditions set forth in
Section 6 or the non-acceptance of market clearing levels for Securities as
described in Section 5), does not to proceed with the Transaction, the Company
shall pay to Bear Stearns a "break-up" fee (the "Break-up Fee") equal to $2
million, which fee shall be payable upon the earlier of (i) ten business days
after the Company indicates to Bear Stearns that it is not prepared to go
forward with the Transaction or (ii) if the Company fails to respond to Bear
Stearns' request as to whether the Company intends to proceed with the
Transaction that the Company will so proceed, and such failure continues for 30
days, on such 30th day. In the event that, after the payment of the Break-up Fee
and prior to the date set forth in clause (ii) of Section 14, if the Company
proceeds with the Transaction then (A) the Company agrees to proceed with Bear
Stearns on the terms contemplated under this letter agreement and (B) the amount
of any fee earned contemplated by the preceding paragraph that becomes payable
to Bear Stearns shall be reduced by the amount of the Break-up Fee. No Break-up
Fee shall be payable if a Structuring Fee has been earned.

The "Investment Grade Securities Test" shall be satisfied if and when Bear
Stearns obtains one investment grade rating from a Rating Agency for proposed
Securities aggregating at least 95% of $300 million and a second investment
grade rating from another Rating Agency for a portion of such aggregate amount
equal to at least 95% of $150 million. The Company agrees to cooperate with Bear
Stearns in obtaining the foregoing ratings. For purposes hereof, "obtaining a
rating" shall mean the receipt by Bear Stearns of final rating levels from the
applicable Rating Agency or Rating Agencies, even if such final rating levels
are communicated orally (and not in writing) by an authorized agent of such
Rating Agency or Rating Agencies (provided that any oral communication can be
confirmed to the reasonable satisfaction of the Company), and even if such final
rating levels are subject to standard conditions such as documentation
acceptable to such Rating Agency or Rating Agencies, opinions and the like.

     8.  If Bear  Stearns  provides  interest  rate  hedges  or  derivatives  in
conjunction with the assignment described in this letter agreement, Bear Stearns
will be paid a mutually agreeable fee consistent with the size and nature of the
specific transaction.

     9. The Company agrees to promptly reimburse Bear Stearns, upon request from
time to time, for all reasonable out-of pocket expenses incurred by Bear Stearns
(including,  without  limitation,  reasonable fees and  disbursements of outside
counsel to Bear Stearns,  and of other consultants and advisors retained by Bear
Stearns with the  reasonable  approval of the Company) in  connection  with Bear
Stearns' activities contemplated by this letter agreement.

     10.  Upon the  closing  of the  Transaction,  all Issuer  startup  expenses
directly  related to the Transaction  (including but not limited to Issuer's and
underwriter's counsels, accountants,

<PAGE>

CRIIMI MAE INC.
January 14, 2003
Page 7


Rating Agency fees (including both initial  transaction  Rating Agency fees
and ongoing Rating Agency  monitoring fees, which will be capitalized),  printer
expenses,  road show expenses (if any), custodian fees, trustee fees, collateral
administrator  fees,  listing fees, issuing and paying agent fees, Bear Stearns'
reasonable out-of-pocket expenses, and other reasonable expenses of Bear Stearns
and/or the  Issuer  (collectively,  the  "Upfront  Expenses"))  will be the sole
responsibility  of the Issuer,  and, to the extent not previously  paid, will be
paid out of  proceeds  upon  closing of the  Transaction.  In the event that the
Transaction is terminated  prior to closing,  the Company  shall,  promptly upon
demand therefor,  pay or reimburse Bear Stearns, as the case may be, the Upfront
Expenses incurred through the termination date. All Upfront Expenses shall be in
addition to any fees payable to Bear Stearns pursuant to this letter  agreement.

     11. The Company  agrees to indemnify  Bear Stearns in  accordance  with the
indemnification provisions (the "Indemnification Provisions") attached hereto as
Exhibit A, which  Indemnification  Provisions are incorporated herein and made a
part hereof and which shall survive the termination, expiration, or supersession
of this letter agreement.

     12. The Company  shall not,  directly or  indirectly  (except  through Bear
Stearns),  sell  any  debt or  equity  securities  backed  in  whole or in part,
directly or indirectly by the Collateral during the term of this Agreement.

     13. The Company  agrees that it: (i) will hold and treat in confidence  all
information, whether written or oral, provided to the Company by, or acquired by
the Company from, Bear Stearns that relates to the structure or execution of the
Transaction or similar transactions, or the names or identities of any potential
investors  involved in the Transaction (the  "Confidential  Information");  (ii)
will  not  disclose,  in  whole  or in  part,  in  any  manner  whatsoever,  any
Confidential  Information  to any person or  individual  who is not a  director,
officer,  employee,  representative,  subsidiary,  auditor, agent, consultant or
advisor   (including   legal   counsel)  of  the   Company  or  its   affiliates
(collectively,   the   Company's   "Representatives");   (iii)   will   disclose
Confidential  Information  only to its  Representatives  who  need to know  such
Confidential  Information  for  purposes  of the  Transaction,  and only if such
Representatives are advised of the  confidentiality  obligations imposed by this
letter agreement and agree to abide by such  obligations;  and (iv) will not use
Confidential Information in structuring any similar transactions; unless, in any
case with respect to (i) - (iv) above, the Company has the prior written consent
of Bear  Stearns  or the  Company  is  required  to  disclose  any  Confidential
Information by any legal or regulatory authority,  agency or entity or otherwise
in connection  with the Company  enforcing  any rights or defending  against any
claim or action  related to the  Transaction.  Notwithstanding  anything  to the
contrary  in this  paragraph  13,  Confidential  Information  shall not  include
information  that (i) is or  becomes  available  to the  public  other than as a
result  of  a   disclosure   by  the   Company  on  behalf  of  itself  and  its
Representatives,  (ii) was within the  Company's  possession  prior to its being
furnished to it by Bear Stearns  pursuant hereto,  provided that,  insofar as is
known or as would be known upon reasonable inquiry by the Company, the source of
such information was not bound by any contractual, legal or fiduciary obligation
of  confidentiality  to Bear  Stearns or any other  party  with  respect to such
information  or (iii)  becomes  available  to the Company on a  non-confidential
basis from a source  other than Bear  Stearns or its  Representatives,  provided
that,  insofar as is known or as would be known upon

<PAGE>

CRIIMI MAE INC.
January 14, 2003
Page 8


reasonable  inquiry by the Company,  the source of such  information is not
bound by any contractual,  legal or fiduciary  obligation of  confidentiality to
Bear Stearns or any other party with respect to such  information.  In the event
that the Company is  requested  or required  pursuant  to legal,  regulatory  or
similar process to disclose any such Confidential Information,  the Company may,
without  liability  hereunder,  disclose  only that portion of the  Confidential
Information  that the  Company's  counsel  advises  is  legally  required  to be
disclosed. In any event, the Company will not oppose any efforts by Bear Stearns
to preserve the confidentiality of the Confidential  Information,  including, to
the extent commercially  reasonable,  by cooperating with Bear Stearms to obtain
an appropriate  protective order or other reliable  assurance that  confidential
treatment will be accorded the Confidential Information that must be disclosed.


     14. This letter agreement will be terminated on the earlier of (i) the date
of the closing of the  Transaction,  (ii) January 14, 2004 or such later date as
the  parties  hereto may agree in writing,  (iii)  payment of the  Break-up  Fee
(provided  that in the  event  the  Company  proceeds  with the  Transaction  as
contemplated in the second paragraph of paragraph 7, this letter agreement shall
become  operative  again and in full force and effect in accordance  with all of
its original  terms) or (iv) if the escrow under that certain  Escrow  Agreement
dated  January 13,  2003,  among the  Company,  Brascan  Real  Estate  Financial
Investments LLC, Bear, Stearns International  Limited, and LaSalle Bank National
Association,  is terminated pursuant to paragraph 5(e) therein.  Notwithstanding
any  termination of this letter  agreement  pursuant to the preceding  sentence,
paragraphs 9, 10, 11, 13 and 18 of this letter  agreement will remain  operative
indefinitely  regardless  of any  termination  and  paragraph  7 of this  letter
agreement will remain operative until all applicable fees earned thereunder have
been paid in full.

     15. In order to support a secondary market in the Securities,  Bear Stearns
may from time to time request from the Collateral Administrator market valuation
data for the Collateral. The Company, as Collateral Administrator, will agree in
the  Collateral  Administration  Agreement to respond in a timely  manner to all
reasonable  requests from Bear Stearns for such information.  Additionally,  the
Company,   as   Collateral   Administrator,   will   agree  in  the   Collateral
Administration  Agreement to simultaneously  provide Bear Stearns with copies of
all reports required to be produced under the Transaction documents.

     16.  Based on our  previous  experience  with  similar  transactions,  Bear
Stearns  expects that from time to time investors in the Transaction may contact
Bear Stearns and request  information  about the  Transaction and the Collateral
held by the Issuer.  Bear  Stearns'  practice is to request that such  investors
direct any such inquiries to the Collateral  Administrator.  However, in certain
circumstances, Bear Stearns would like to be in a position to respond to such an
inquiry by releasing to such  investors the most current  valuation  information
for the  Collateral  that has been  provided to Bear  Stearns by the  Collateral
Administrator  and/or previously  distributed  reports to holders of Securities.
The Company, as Collateral  Administrator,  agrees that Bear Stearns may, on the
Collateral  Administrator's  behalf and provided that such release complies with
Regulation FD of the Securities and Exchange Commission,  release such valuation
information  to an investor in the  Transaction  in response to an inquiry  from
such investor (in a form satisfactory to the Company).

<PAGE>

CRIIMI MAE INC.
January 14, 2003
Page 9



     17. No  advertisements  of the  Transaction  will be permitted prior to the
completion  of the  primary  placement  of all  of the  Securities.  Thereafter,
advertisements of this Transaction,  if any, must be approved by the Company and
Bear Stearns.  The costs of any such  advertisements  will be treated as Upfront
Expenses.

     18. The  validity  and  interpretation  of this letter  agreement  shall be
governed by, and  construed  and enforced in  accordance  with,  the laws of the
State of New  York  applicable  to  agreements  made  and to be fully  performed
therein  (excluding the conflicts of laws rules). The Company hereby irrevocably
submits to the  jurisdiction of any court of the State of New York or the United
States District Court for the Southern District of the State of New York for the
purpose  of any suit,  action or other  proceeding  arising  out of this  letter
agreement,  or any of the agreements or transactions  contemplated hereby, which
is brought by or against the Company and (i) hereby  irrevocably agrees that all
claims  in  respect  of any such  suit,  action or  proceeding  may be heard and
determined in any such court,  (ii) to the extent that the Company has acquired,
or hereafter may acquire,  any immunity from  jurisdiction  of any such court or
from any legal process therein, the Company hereby waives, to the fullest extent
permitted  by law,  such  immunity  and (iii) agrees not to commence any action,
suit or proceeding  relating to this letter  agreement other than in such court.
The Company  hereby waives and agrees not to assert in any such suit,  action or
proceeding, in each case, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any
claim that (a) the Company is not personally  subject to the jurisdiction of any
such court,  (b) the Company is immune from any legal process  (whether  through
service or notice, attachment prior to judgment, attachment in aid of execution,
execution or  otherwise)  with respect to the Company or its property or (c) any
such suit, action or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum.

     19. The  benefits  of this  letter  agreement  shall  inure to the  parties
hereto, their respective  successors and assigns, and to the indemnified parties
hereunder and their respective  successors and assigns and representatives,  and
the obligations and liabilities  assumed in this letter agreement by the parties
hereto shall be binding upon their respective successors and assigns.

     20. Each of the Company and Bear Stearns (and,  to the extent  permitted by
law,  on  behalf  of their  respective  equity  holders  and  creditors)  hereby
knowingly,  voluntarily and irrevocably  waives any right it may have to a trial
by jury in respect of any claim based upon, arising out of or in connection with
this letter agreement or the  Transaction.  Each of the Company and Bear Stearns
hereby  certifies  that no  representative  or  agent  of the  other  party  has
represented expressly or otherwise that such party would not seek to enforce the
provisions  of this  waiver.  Further,  each of the  Company  and  Bear  Stearns
acknowledges that each party has been induced to enter this letter agreement by,
inter, alia, the provisions of this paragraph.

     21. If it is found in a final judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction
(not subject to further appeal) that any term or provision  hereof is invalid or
unenforceable, (i) the remaining terms and provisions hereof shall be unimpaired
and shall remain in full force and effect and (ii) the invalid or  unenforceable
provision  or term shall be  replaced by a term or  provision  that is

<PAGE>

CRIIMI MAE INC.
January 14, 2003
Page 10



valid and enforceable and that comes closest to expressing the intention of
such invalid or unenforceable term or provision.

     22. This letter agreement  embodies the entire agreement and  understanding
of the parties hereto and supersedes any and all prior agreements,  arrangements
and  understanding  relating to the matters provided for herein.  No alteration,
waiver,  amendment,  change or  supplement  hereto shall be binding or effective
unless  the  same  is  set  forth  in  writing  signed  by  a  duly   authorized
representative of each party.

     23. Please note that Bear Stearns is a full service securities firm engaged
in securities trading and brokerage activities,  as well as providing investment
banking,  financing and financial advisory  services.  In the ordinary course of
our trading,  brokerage, and financing activities,  Bear Stearns may at any time
hold long or short positions,  and may trade or otherwise  effect  transactions,
for our own account or the accounts of customers,  in debt or equity  securities
or loans of the  Company  or any  other  company  that may be  involved  in this
transaction.

     24. The Company  represents that: it has all requisite  corporate power and
authority to enter into this letter agreement and the transactions  contemplated
hereby  (including,  without  limitation,  the  Transaction);  and  this  letter
agreement has been duly and validly authorized by all necessary corporate action
on the part of the Company,  has been duly executed and delivered by the Company
and constitutes a legal, valid and binding agreement of the Company, enforceable
in accordance  with its terms.

     25. This letter  agreement  does not create,  and shall not be construed as
creating,  rights enforceable by any person or entity not a party hereto, except
those  entitled  thereto  by  virtue  of  paragraphs  11 and 19 of  this  letter
agreement.  The Company  acknowledges  and agrees that (i) Bear Stearns is being
retained solely to structure and facilitate the  consummation of the Transaction
and that Bear  Stearns is not being  retained  to advise the  Company  on, or to
express any opinion as to, the wisdom,  desirability or prudence of consummating
the  Transaction,  and (ii) Bear  Stearns is not and shall not be construed as a
fiduciary of the Company and shall have no duties or  liabilities  to the equity
holders or creditors of the Company or any other person by virtue of this letter
agreement or the retention of Bear Stearns  hereunder,  all of which are, to the
extent permitted by law, hereby expressly  waived.  The Company also agrees that
Bear  Stearns  shall  not  have any  liability  (including  without  limitation,
liability for any losses, claims, damages, obligations,  penalties,  judgements,
awards,  liabilities,  costs,  expenses  or  disbursements  resulting  from  any
negligent  act or omission of Bear  Stearns)  (whether  direct or  indirect,  in
contract, tort or otherwise) to the Company or to any person (including, without
limitation,  equity holders and creditors of the Company)  claiming  through the
Company for or in connection  with the  engagement of Bear Stearns,  this letter
agreement  and  the  transactions   contemplated   hereby  (including,   without
limitation,  the  Transaction).  The Company  acknowledges that Bear Stearns was
induced to enter into this letter  agreement by inter,  alia,  the provisions of
this paragraph.

     26. For the convenience of the parties,  any number of counterparts of this
letter  agreement may be executed by the parties hereto.  Each such  counterpart
shall  be,  and shall be

<PAGE>

CRIIMI MAE INC.
January 14, 2003
Page 11



deemed to be,  an  original  instrument,  but all such  counterparts  taken
together shall constitute one and the same letter agreement.

     27.  The  parties  hereby  acknowledge  and  agree  that,  pursuant  to the
"Additional Repurchase Transactions and Liquidity Requirement" set forth in that
certain  letter  agreement  between  the Company  and Bear  Stearns  dated as of
November 27, 2002 and the attached  principal  terms and conditions set forth on
Exhibit A  thereto,  the  parties  may  engage,  subject  to the terms set forth
therein, in Additional Repurchase Transactions.

                            [Signature Page Follows]



<PAGE>

CRIIMI MAE INC.
January 14, 2003
Page 12



If the foregoing correctly sets forth our agreement, please sign the enclosed
copy of this letter in the space provided and return it to us.

                                         Very truly yours,


                                         BEAR, STEARNS & CO. INC.



                                         /s/James J. Higgins
                                         ------------------------------
                                         James J. Higgins
                                         Senior Managing Director

Confirmed and Agreed to
this 14th day of January 2003:

CRIIMI MAE INC.



/s/David B. Iannarone
----------------------------------
Name:  David B. Iannarone
Title:  Executive Vice President


<PAGE>

                                                                  EXHIBIT A

                           INDEMNIFICATION PROVISIONS

     The Company (as such term is defined in this  letter  agreement)  agrees to
indemnify and hold harmless Bear Stearns and its affiliates,  and the respective
directors, officers, agents and employees of Bear Stearns and its affiliates and
each other entity or person,  if any,  controlling  Bear Stearns or any of their
affiliates  within the  meaning of either  Section 15 of the  Securities  Act of
1933, as amended (the "1933 Act") or Section 20 of the  Securities  Exchange Act
of 1934,  as amended  (the "1934  Act") (as such term is defined in this  letter
agreement)  (collectively,  the  "Indemnified  Parties"),  to the fullest extent
permitted  by  law,  from  and  against  any and all  losses,  claims,  damages,
obligations,  penalties,  judgments,  awards,  liabilities,  costs, expenses and
disbursements (and any and all actions, suits, proceedings and investigations in
respect thereof and any and all legal and other costs, expenses or disbursements
in giving  testimony  or  furnishing  documents  in  response  to a subpoena  or
otherwise),   including,   without   limitation,   the   costs,   expenses   and
disbursements,  as and when incurred,  of investigating,  preparing or defending
any such action, suit, proceeding or investigation (whether or not in connection
with  litigation in which Bear Stearns or one of its  affiliates is a party) and
all taxes (other than income taxes), charges, fees, levies or other assessments,
withholding, excise, property, sale and franchise taxes (including, in each such
case, any interest, penalties or additions attributable to or imposed on or with
respect  to any such  assessment)  imposed by the  United  States,  any state or
political  subdivision thereof, any foreign government or any other jurisdiction
or taxing authority, directly or indirectly, caused by, relating to, based upon,
arising  out  of  or in  connection  with  (a)  this  letter  agreement  or  the
Transaction (whether or not the Transaction is consummated), (b) any Indemnified
Parties acting for the Company in connection  with this letter  agreement or the
Transaction (whether or not the Transaction is consummated),  including, without
limitation,  any act or omission by any  Indemnified  Parties in connection with
this letter  agreement or the  Transaction  (whether or not the  Transaction  is
consummated),  or (c) any untrue  statement  or alleged  untrue  statement  of a
material fact contained in, or omissions or alleged  omissions of material facts
from, any Information or any other  information  furnished by the Company to any
Indemnified Parties in connection with this letter agreement or the Transaction;
provided,  however,  such indemnity  agreement shall not apply to any portion of
any such loss, claim, damage,  obligation,  penalty, judgment, award, liability,
cost, expense or disbursement to the extent it is found in a final judgment by a
court of competent jurisdiction (not subject to further appeal) to have resulted
primarily  and directly from the gross  negligence or willful  misconduct of any
Indemnified Parties.

     These  Indemnification  Provisions  shall be in addition  to any  liability
which the Company may otherwise have to the any Indemnified Parties.

     If any action, suit, proceeding or investigation is commenced,  as to which
any Indemnified Parties proposes to demand indemnification,  it shall notify the
Company with reasonable promptness;  provided,  however, that any failure by the
applicable  Indemnified  Parties to notify the  Company  shall not  relieve  the
Company  from  its  obligations  hereunder  unless  the  Company  is  materially
prejudiced  by such  failure.  The  Indemnified  Parties shall have the right to
retain  counsel of its own choice to represent it, and the Company shall pay the
fees, expenses and disbursements of such counsel; and such counsel shall, to the
extent  consistent with its

<PAGE>

professional  responsibilities,  cooperate with the Company and any counsel
designated by the Company. The Company shall be liable for any settlement of any
claim against any Indemnified  Parties made with the Company's  written consent,
which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld. The Company shall not, without
the prior  written  consent of the  applicable  Indemnified  Parties,  settle or
compromise  any  claim,  or  permit a  default  or  consent  to the entry of any
judgment in respect  thereof,  unless  such  settlement,  compromise  or consent
includes,  as an unconditional term thereof,  the giving by the claimant to such
Indemnified  Parties  of an  unconditional  and  irrevocable  release  from  all
liability in respect of such claim.

     In order to provide  for just and  equitable  contribution,  if a claim for
indemnification  pursuant to these Indemnification  Provisions is made but it is
found in a final judgment by a court of competent  jurisdiction  (not subject to
further appeal) that such indemnification may not be enforced in such case, even
though the express  provisions hereof provide for  indemnification in such case,
then the Company,  on the one hand, and the applicable  Indemnified  Parties, on
the other hand, shall contribute to the losses,  claims,  damages,  obligations,
penalties,  judgments, awards, liabilities, costs, expenses and disbursements to
which the applicable  Indemnified  Parties may be subject in accordance with the
relative benefits  received by the Company,  on the one hand, and the applicable
Indemnified  Parties,  on the other  hand,  and also the  relative  fault of the
Company, on the one hand, and the applicable  Indemnified  Parties, on the other
hand, in connection  with the  statements,  acts or omissions  which resulted in
such  losses,  claims,  damages,  obligations,   penalties,  judgments,  awards,
liabilities,  costs,  expenses  and  disbursements  and the  relevant  equitable
considerations shall also be considered. No person found liable for a fraudulent
misrepresentation  shall be entitled to contribution  from any person who is not
also found liable for such  fraudulent  misrepresentation.  Notwithstanding  the
foregoing,  no  Indemnified  Parties shall be obligated to contribute any amount
hereunder  that  exceeds  the  amount  of  fees  previously   received  by  such
Indemnified Parties pursuant to this letter agreement.

     Neither  termination  nor completion of the  engagement of any  Indemnified
Parties  referred to above shall affect these  Indemnification  Provisions which
shall then remain operative and in full force and effect.


<PAGE>

                                                                EXHIBIT B

                           DESCRIPTION OF COLLATERAL

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
