<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>19
<FILENAME>lmt_liab-newco.txt
<DESCRIPTION>LIMITED LIABILITY CO AGRMT NEWCO
<TEXT>

                                                                EXHIBIT 10.6

                       LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENT
                                       OF
                                CRIIMI NEWCO, LLC

     This Limited  Liability  Company  Agreement  (together  with the  schedules
attached hereto,  this  "Agreement") of CRIIMI Newco,  LLC (the  "Company"),  is
entered into by CRIIMI Newco Member, Inc., a Maryland  corporation,  as the sole
equity member (the "Member"), and Edna Astacio as the Special Member (as defined
on Schedule A hereto).  Capitalized  terms used and not otherwise defined herein
have the meanings set forth on Schedule A hereto.

     The Member,  by execution of this Agreement,  hereby forms the Company as a
limited  liability  company  pursuant  to and in  accordance  with the  Delaware
Limited Liability Company Act (6 Del. C. ' 18-101 et seq.), as amended from time
to time (the  "Act"),  and this  Agreement,  and the Member and  Special  Member
hereby agree as follows:

Section 1         Name.

     The name of the limited  liability  company  formed hereby is CRIIMI Newco,
LLC.

Section 2         Principal Business Office.

     The  principal  business  office of the  Company  shall be located at 11200
Rockville Pike,  Rockville,  MD 20852 or such other location as may hereafter be
determined by the Member.

Section 3         Registered Office.

     The  address  of the  registered  office  of the  Company  in the  State of
Delaware is c/o National  Registered  Agents,  Inc., 9 East  Loockerman  Street,
Suite 1B, Dover, Kent County, Delaware 19901.

Section 4         Registered Agent.

     The name and address of the registered  agent of the Company for service of
process  on the  Company in the State of  Delaware  is c/o  National  Registered
Agents, Inc., 9 East Loockerman Street,  Suite 1B, Dover, Kent County,  Delaware
19901.

Section 5         Members.

     (a) The  mailing  address of the Member is set forth on Schedule B attached
hereto.  The Member was  admitted to the Company as a member of the Company upon
its execution of a counterpart signature page to this Agreement.

     (b) Subject to Section 9(i), the Member may act by written consent.

     (c) Upon the  occurrence of any event that causes the Member to cease to be
a member of the Company  (other than (i) upon an assignment by the Member of all
of its limited  liability  company  interest in the Company and the admission of
the  transferee  pursuant to Sections 21 and 23, or (ii) the  resignation of the
Member and the  admission  of an  additional  member of the Company  pursuant to
Sections  22 and 23),  the  Independent

<PAGE>

Director pursuant to Section 10 shall, without any action of any Person and
simultaneously  with  the  Member  ceasing  to  be  a  member  of  the  Company,
automatically  be admitted to the Company as Special  Member and shall  continue
the Company  without  dissolution.  The  Special  Member may not resign from the
Company or transfer its rights as Special Member unless (i) a successor  Special
Member  has been  admitted  to the  Company  as Special  Member by  executing  a
counterpart  to this  Agreement,  and (ii) such  successor has also accepted its
appointment as Independent  Director pursuant to Section 10; provided,  however,
the Special Member shall  automatically cease to be a member of the Company upon
the admission to the Company of a substitute Member. The Special Member shall be
a member of the Company that has no interest in the profits,  losses and capital
of the Company and has no right to receive any  distributions of Company assets.
Pursuant to Section  18-301 of the Act, the Special Member shall not be required
to make any capital  contribution to the Company and shall not receive a limited
liability  company interest in the Company.  The Special Member, in its capacity
as Special Member, may not bind the Company. Except as required by any mandatory
provision of the Act,  the Special  Member,  in its capacity as Special  Member,
shall have no right to vote on,  approve or otherwise  consent to any action by,
or matter relating to, the Company,  including,  without limitation, the merger,
consolidation or conversion of the Company.  In order to implement the admission
to the Company of the Special Member, the person acting as Independent  Director
pursuant to Section 10 shall execute a counterpart to this  Agreement.  Prior to
admission to the Company as Special  Member,  the person  acting as  Independent
Director  pursuant  to  Section  10 shall  not be a member of the  Company.  The
Company shall at all times have a Special  Member.  No resignation or removal of
the Special Member,  and no appointment of a successor Special Member,  shall be
effective  unless and until such successor  shall have executed a counterpart of
this Agreement and accepted its appointment as Independent  Director pursuant to
Section  10. In the event of a vacancy in the  position of Special  Member,  the
Member shall, as soon as practicable, appoint a successor Special Member to fill
such vacancy. By signing this Agreement as a Special Member, such Special Member
will be subject to and bound by the provisions of this Agreement applicable to a
Special Member.

Section 6         Certificates.

     James G.  Leyden,  Jr.  of  Richards,  Layton &  Finger,  P.A.,  is  hereby
designated  as an  "authorized  person"  within the meaning of the Act,  and has
executed,  delivered and filed the  Certificate of Formation of the Company with
the  Secretary  of  State of the  State of  Delaware.  Upon  the  filing  of the
Certificate  of Formation  with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware,
his powers as an "authorized person" ceased, and the Member thereupon became the
designated  "authorized person" and shall continue as the designated "authorized
person"  within the meaning of the Act. The Member or an Officer shall  execute,
deliver and file any other certificates (and any amendments and/or  restatements
thereof)  necessary for the Company to qualify to do business in Maryland and in
any other jurisdiction in which the Company may wish to conduct business.

     The  existence of the Company as a separate  legal  entity  shall  continue
until cancellation of the Certificate of Formation as provided in the Act.

                                       2

<PAGE>

Section 7         Purposes.  The purpose to be conducted or promoted by the
Company is to engage exclusively in the following activities:

     (a)(i) to  acquire,  own and hold  shares of capital  stock of CBO REIT II,
Inc., a Maryland corporation;

     (ii) to engage in any lawful act or  activity  and to  exercise  any powers
permitted to limited liability  companies  organized under the laws of the State
of Delaware  that are related or  incidental  to and  necessary,  convenient  or
advisable for the accomplishment of the above-mentioned purposes.

     (b) The  Company,  and the Member,  or any Director or Officer on behalf of
the  Company,  may  enter  into and  perform  its  obligations  under  the Basic
Documents and all documents,  agreements,  certificates, or financing statements
contemplated  thereby or related  thereto,  all without any further act, vote or
approval of the Member or any Director,  Officer or other Person notwithstanding
any other  provision  of this  Agreement,  the Act or  applicable  law,  rule or
regulation. The foregoing authorization shall not be deemed a restriction on the
powers of the Member or any  Director or Officer to enter into other  agreements
on behalf of the Company.

Section 8         Powers.

     Subject to Section  9(i),  the Company,  and the Board of Directors and the
Officers of the Company on behalf of the  Company,  (i) shall have and  exercise
all powers necessary, convenient or incidental to accomplish its purposes as set
forth in Section 7 and (ii) shall have and exercise all of the powers and rights
conferred upon limited liability companies formed pursuant to the Act.

Section 9         Management.

     (a) Board of Directors.  Subject to Section 9(i),  the business and affairs
of the Company  shall be managed by or under the  direction of a Board of one or
more Directors  designated by the Member.  Subject to Section 10, the Member may
determine  at any  time in its  sole  and  absolute  discretion  the  number  of
Directors to constitute  the Board.  The  authorized  number of Directors may be
increased  or  decreased  by the  Member  at any time in its  sole and  absolute
discretion,  upon notice to all  Directors,  and subject in all cases to Section
10. The initial  number of Directors  shall be three,  one of which shall be the
Independent  Director pursuant to Section 10. Each Director elected,  designated
or  appointed  by the Member  shall hold office until a successor is elected and
qualified or until such  Director's  earlier  death,  resignation,  expulsion or
removal.  Each  Director  shall  execute and deliver the  Management  Agreement.
Directors need not be a Member.  The initial Directors  designated by the Member
are listed on Schedule D hereto.

     (b) Powers.  Subject to Section 9(i), the Board of Directors shall have the
power to do any and all acts  necessary,  convenient or incidental to or for the
furtherance of the purposes described herein, including all powers, statutory or
otherwise.  Subject to Section 7, the Board of  Directors  has the  authority to
bind the Company.

                                       3

<PAGE>

     (c)  Meeting  of the  Board of  Directors.  The Board of  Directors  of the
Company may hold meetings, both regular and special, within or outside the State
of Delaware.  Regular  meetings of the Board may be held without  notice at such
time and at such  place as shall from time to time be  determined  by the Board.
Special  meetings of the Board may be called by the  President  on not less than
one day's notice to each Director by telephone, facsimile, mail, telegram or any
other  means of  communication,  and  special  meetings  shall be  called by the
President  or  Secretary  in like  manner and with like  notice upon the written
request of any one or more of the Directors.

     (d) Quorum:  Acts of the Board. At all meetings of the Board, a majority of
the Directors  shall  constitute a quorum for the  transaction  of business and,
except as otherwise  provided in any other provision of this Agreement,  the act
of a majority of the Directors present at any meeting at which there is a quorum
shall be the act of the Board.  If a quorum  shall not be present at any meeting
of the Board, the Directors present at such meeting may adjourn the meeting from
time to time,  without notice other than  announcement  at the meeting,  until a
quorum  shall be present.  Any action  required or  permitted to be taken at any
meeting of the Board  thereof  may be taken  without a meeting if all members of
the Board consent thereto in writing, and the writing or writings are filed with
the minutes of proceedings of the Board.

     (e)  Electronic  Communications.  Members of the Board may  participate  in
meetings of the Board by means of telephone conference or similar communications
equipment  that  allows all  Persons  participating  in the meeting to hear each
other, and such  participation in a meeting shall constitute  presence in Person
at  the  meeting.  If  all  the  participants  are  participating  by  telephone
conference or similar communications  equipment,  the meeting shall be deemed to
be held at the principal place of business of the Company.

     (f) Compensation of Directors; Expenses. The Board shall have the authority
to fix the compensation of Directors.  The Directors may be paid their expenses,
if any, of  attendance  at  meetings of the Board,  which may be a fixed sum for
attendance at each meeting of the Board or a stated salary as Director.  No such
payment  shall  preclude  any  Director  from  serving  the Company in any other
capacity and receiving compensation therefor.

     (g) Removal of Directors.  Unless  otherwise  restricted by law, subject to
Section 10, any  Director  or the entire  Board of  Directors  may be removed or
expelled,  with or without  cause,  at any time by the  Member  and any  vacancy
caused by any such removal or expulsion may be filled by action of the Member.

     (h)  Directors  as Agents.  To the extent of their powers set forth in this
Agreement and subject to Section  9(i),  the Directors are agents of the Company
for the purpose of the  Company's  business,  and the  actions of the  Directors
taken in accordance  with such powers set forth in this Agreement shall bind the
Company.  Notwithstanding the last sentence of Section 18-402 of the Act, except
as provided in this  Agreement or in a resolution of the  Directors,  a Director
may not bind the Company.

     (i) Limitations on the Company's Activities.

                                       4


<PAGE>

     (i) This  Section  9(i) is being  adopted in order to comply  with  certain
provisions  required  in order to qualify  the  Company  as a "special  purpose"
entity.

     (ii)  Notwithstanding  anything to the contrary in this  Agreement  and any
provision of law that  otherwise  so empowers  the Company,  the Company and the
Member shall not, until the BRE Expiration Date, amend,  alter, change or repeal
the definition of  "Independent  Director" or Sections 5(b),  5(c), 7, 8, 9, 10,
16,  20, 21,  22,  23,  24,  25,  26, 29 or 31 or  Schedule A of this  Agreement
(collectively, the "Special Purpose Provisions") or amend, change, alter, add or
repeal any other section of this  Agreement in a manner that  conflicts with the
Special Purpose  Provisions  without the unanimous  written consent of the Board
(including the  Independent  Director) and the written  consent of Bear Stearns.
Subject to this Section  9(i),  the Member  reserves the right to amend,  alter,
change or repeal any provisions  contained in this Agreement in accordance  with
Section 31.

     (iii)  Notwithstanding  any  other  provision  of  this  Agreement  and any
provision of law that otherwise so empowers the Company,  the Member, the Board,
any  Officer  or any other  Person,  neither  the  Member  nor the Board nor any
Officer nor any other Person shall be authorized  or  empowered,  nor shall they
permit the Company,  without the prior  unanimous  written consent of the Member
and the Board (including the Independent Director), to take any action:

     (A) to appoint any committees of the Board; or

     (B) until the BRE  Expiration  Date, to allow the Company to: (i) commence,
or consent to the commencement of, any case, proceeding or other action relating
to Bankruptcy,  insolvency or reorganization or relief of debtors;  (ii) seek to
have an order for  relief  entered  with  respect  to the  Company;  (iii)  seek
reorganization,  arrangement,  adjustment, winding up, liquidation,  dissolution
(to the fullest  extent  permitted  by law),  composition  or other  relief with
respect  to  the  Company  or  its  debts;  (iv)  institute  proceedings  to  be
adjudicated  insolvent  or  bankrupt  or  consent  to  the  institution  of  any
Bankruptcy or insolvency case proceeding against the Company; (v) consent to the
appointment  of  a  receiver,  liquidator,   assignee,  trustees,  custodian  or
sequestrator (or other similar official) of the Company or a substantial part of
its property;  (vi) make any general assignment for the benefit of creditors; or
(vii) admit in writing the  Company's  inability  to pay its debts  generally as
they become due; provided, however, that the Board may not vote on, or authorize
the  taking  of any of the  foregoing  actions  unless  there  is at  least  one
Independent Director then serving in such capacity.

     (iv)  Subject  to  the  provisions  of  Section  9(i)(vi),  until  the  BRE
Expiration  Date  and  notwithstanding  anything  else to the  contrary  in this
Agreement,  the Company  shall be operated in such a manner that it would not be
substantively  consolidated  in the  estate of any other  Person in the event of
Bankruptcy or insolvency of such Person, and in such regard the Company shall:

                                       5

<PAGE>

     (A) not own any property or any other assets other than as  contemplated by
the Repurchase Agreement;

     (B) not incur any additional indebtedness or assume any indebtedness of any
other entity;

     (C) not incur any  obligation,  the  performance of which by the Company is
guaranteed by CRIIMI MAE or its Affiliates;

     (D) not become involved in the day-to-day management of any other person or
entity;

     (E) hold itself out as a legal entity  separate and distinct from any other
entity (including any of its Affiliates);

     (F) correct any known  misunderstanding  regarding the  Company's  separate
identity;

     (G)  maintain a separate  general  ledger,  corporate  records and books of
account as official records;

     (H)  maintain  its assets  separately  from the assets of any other  Person
(including through the maintenance of separate bank accounts);

     (I) maintain separate books and records from any other person or entity;

     (J) not  guarantee or become  obligated  for the  obligations  of any other
person or entity, or advance funds to any other person or entity for the payment
of expenses or otherwise;

     (K)  conduct  all  business   correspondence   of  the  Company  and  other
communications in the Company's own name, on its own stationery  bearing its own
name and use invoices and checks bearing its own name;

     (L) not act as an agent of any other person or entity in any capacity;

     (M) pay the  Company's  own  liabilities  (including,  without  limitation,
employment and overhead and direct expenses) out of its own funds;

     (N) maintain an arm's length  relationship  with its  Affiliates  and enter
into transactions with its Affiliates only on a commercially reasonable basis;

     (O) not permit any of its Affiliates to have independent access to its bank
accounts;

     (P) not pledge the Company's  assets for the benefit of any other person or
entity or make any loans or advances to any person or entity, including, without
limitation, any of its Affiliates;

                                       6

<PAGE>

     (Q) except for the  capital  stock of CBO REIT II,  Inc.  and as  otherwise
contemplated by the Basic  Documents,  not acquire  obligations or securities of
its Affiliates or its shareholders;

     (R) observe all corporate and other organizational formalities necessary to
maintain its separateness;

     (S) maintain  through its  Affiliates  a sufficient  number of employees in
light of the Company's contemplated business operations; provided, however, that
the Company can contract  with CRIIMI MAE to provide such  services,  subject to
the provisions of this Agreement;

     (T) not  hold  itself  out as  being  responsible  or its  credit  as being
available to satisfy the obligations of any other person or entity;

     (U) conduct its business and hold its assets in its own name;

     (V) not to  commingle  its assets with those of any other  person and shall
maintain  its assets in such a manner that it will not be costly or difficult to
segregate,  ascertain  or  identify  its  individual  assets  from  those of any
Affiliate;

     (W)  not  identify  itself  or  any  of its  shareholders,  Affiliates,  or
shareholders  of its  Affiliates as a division or part of the other or any other
person or  entity  other  than  pursuant  to US  Generally  Accepted  Accounting
Principals or for federal and state income tax purposes;

     (X) endeavor to remain solvent and to maintain adequate capital in light of
the Company's contemplated business operations;

     (Y) not allow  the  Company  to  consolidate  with or merge  into any other
entity or to convey,  transfer,  sell or lease all or  substantially  all of the
Company's properties, assets or liabilities;

     (Z) not permit an entity to merge into the Company or to allow an entity to
convey,  transfer  or lease its  properties  and  assets or  liabilities  to the
Company; and

     (AA) not  engage in any  business  activity  other  than those set forth in
Section  7,  or to  engage  in any  activity  contrary  to the  limitations  and
restrictions set forth in Section 9(i).

     (v) Until the BRE Expiration  Date,  the Board,  the Member and the Company
shall not take any  action  (other  than  those  actions  permitted  by  Section
9(i)(iii)(B)):

     (A) to permit the Company to be or become an open-end  investment  company,
unit investment trust,  closed-end investment company or face-

                                       7

<PAGE>

amount  certificate  company that is or is required to be registered  under
Section 8 of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended;

     (B) in contravention of the Repurchase Agreement;

     (C) to admit any additional Members;

     (D) to allow or cause the Company to become insolvent; and

     (E) to permit the dissolution (to the fullest extent  permitted by law ) or
liquidation of the Company, in whole or in part.

     (vi) Nothing  contained in this  Agreement  shall prohibit the Company from
engaging in and the Company is hereby  specifically  authorized to engage in the
following activities:

     (A) executing and delivering the Basic Documents;

     (B)  performing any and all of the Company's  obligations  set forth in the
Basic Documents;

     (C) accepting cash in connection with the initial capital contribution from
the Member;

     (D) accepting  shares of capital stock of CRIIMI MAE CMBS Corp.  and CRIIMI
MAE  QRS 1,  Inc.  and  certain  securities  pursuant  to the  Contribution  and
Distribution  Agreement in connection with the additional capital  contributions
from the Member;

     (E) making capital  contributions  to CBO REIT II, Inc. in exchange for all
of the shares of common stock and 499 shares of preferred  stock of CBO REIT II,
Inc.;

     (F) making additional capital  contributions to CBO REIT II, Inc. of shares
of capital stock of CRIIMI MAE CMBS Corp. and CRIIMI MAE QRS 1, Inc. and certain
securities pursuant to the Contribution and Distribution Agreement; and

     (G) making a distribution  to Member of 99 shares of preferred stock of CBO
REIT II, Inc. for further distribution to CRIIMI MAE.

Section 10        Independent Director.

     Until the BRE  Expiration  Date,  the Member shall cause the Company at all
times to have an  Independent  Director who will be appointed by the Member.  To
the fullest extent permitted by law,  including  Section  18-1101(c) of the Act,
the  Independent  Director  shall  consider  only the  interests of the Company,
including its respective creditors, in acting or otherwise voting on the matters
referred to in Section  9(i)(iii).  No resignation or removal of the Independent
Director,

                                       8

<PAGE>

and no appointment of a successor Independent Director,  shall be effective
until  such  successor  (i)  shall  have  accepted  his  or her  appointment  as
Independent  Director  by a  written  instrument,  which  may  be a  counterpart
signature  page to the  Management  Agreement,  and (ii) shall  have  executed a
counterpart  to this  Agreement as required by Section  5(c).  In the event of a
vacancy in the position of Independent  Director,  the Member shall,  as soon as
practicable,  appoint a successor Independent Director. The Independent Director
shall be elected  from among  candidates  nominated  by the  independent  (i.e.,
non-management)  directors of CRIIMI MAE. All right,  power and authority of the
Independent  Director shall be limited to the extent necessary to exercise those
rights and perform those duties specifically set forth in this Agreement. Except
as provided in the second  sentence of this Section 10, in exercising his or her
rights and performing his or her duties under this  Agreement,  the  Independent
Director  shall have a fiduciary  duty of loyalty and care  similar to that of a
director of a business  corporation  organized under the General Corporation Law
of the State of Delaware.  No  Independent  Director  shall at any time serve as
trustee in Bankruptcy for any Affiliate of the Company.

Section 11        Officers.

     (a)  Officers.  The initial  Officers of the Company shall be designated by
the Member.  The additional or successor Officers of the Company shall be chosen
by the  Board and shall  consist  of at least a  President,  a  Secretary  and a
Treasurer.  The Board of Directors may also choose one or more Vice  Presidents,
Assistant  Secretaries  and Assistant  Treasurers.  Any number of offices may be
held by the same person.  The Board shall choose a President,  a Secretary and a
Treasurer. The Board may appoint such other Officers and agents as it shall deem
necessary  or  advisable  who shall hold their  offices for such terms and shall
exercise such powers and perform such duties as shall be determined from time to
time by the Board.  The salaries of all Officers and agents of the Company shall
be fixed by or in the  manner  prescribed  by the  Board.  The  Officers  of the
Company shall hold office until their  successors are chosen and qualified.  Any
Officer may be removed at any time,  with or without cause,  by the  affirmative
vote of a majority  of the Board.  Any  vacancy  occurring  in any office of the
Company  shall be filled by the  Board.  The  initial  Officers  of the  Company
designated by the Member are listed on Schedule E hereto.

     (b) President.  The President shall be the chief  executive  officer of the
Company,  shall preside at all meetings of the Board,  shall be responsible  for
the general and active  management  of the business of the Company and shall see
that all  orders and  resolutions  of the Board are  carried  into  effect.  The
President or any other  Officer  authorized  by the President or the Board shall
execute all bonds, mortgages and other contracts,  except: (i) where required or
permitted  by law  or  this  Agreement  to be  otherwise  signed  and  executed,
including  Section  7(b);  (ii) where  signing and  execution  thereof  shall be
expressly  delegated by the Board to some other Officer or agent of the Company,
and (iii) as otherwise permitted in Section 11(c).

     (c) Vice President.  In the absence of the President or in the event of the
President's inability to act, the Vice President,  if any (or in the event there
be more than one Vice President,  the Vice Presidents in the order designated by
the Directors, or in the absence of any designation,  then in the order of their
election),  shall perform the duties of the

                                       9

<PAGE>

President,  and when so acting, shall have all the powers of and be subject
to all the restrictions upon the President.  The Vice Presidents,  if any, shall
perform  such other duties and have such other powers as the Board may from time
to time prescribe.

     (d) Secretary and Assistant  Secretary.  The Secretary shall be responsible
for  filing  legal  documents  and  maintaining  records  for the  Company.  The
Secretary  shall attend all meetings of the Board and record all the proceedings
of the  meetings  of the  Company and of the Board in a book to be kept for that
purpose.  The Secretary  shall give,  or shall cause to be given,  notice of all
meetings of the Member,  if any,  and special  meetings of the Board,  and shall
perform such other duties as may be  prescribed  by the Board or the  President,
under whose supervision the Secretary shall serve. The Assistant  Secretary,  or
if there be more than one, the Assistant  Secretaries in the order determined by
the  Board  (or if  there  be no such  determination,  then in  order  of  their
election),  shall,  in the  absence  of the  Secretary  or in the  event  of the
Secretary's  inability to act, perform the duties and exercise the powers of the
Secretary  and shall perform such other duties and have such other powers as the
Board may from time to time prescribe.

     (e) Treasurer and Assistant Treasurer. The Treasurer shall have the custody
of the Company funds and securities and shall keep full and accurate accounts of
receipts and  disbursements  in books belonging to the Company and shall deposit
all  moneys  and other  valuable  effects  in the name and to the  credit of the
Company in such  depositories  as may be designated by the Board.  The Treasurer
shall  disburse the funds of the Company as may be ordered by the Board,  taking
proper vouchers for such disbursements, and shall render to the President and to
the Board, at its regular meetings or when the Board so requires,  an account of
all of the  Treasurer's  transactions  and of  the  financial  condition  of the
Company.  The  Assistant  Treasurer,  or if there  shall be more than  one,  the
Assistant  Treasurers  in the order  determined  by the Board (or if there be no
such determination,  then in the order of their election), shall, in the absence
of the Treasurer or in the event of the  Treasurer's  inability to act,  perform
the duties and exercise the powers of the Treasurer and shall perform such other
duties and have such other powers as the Board may from time to time prescribe.

     (f)  Officers as Agents.  The  Officers,  to the extent of their powers set
forth in this  Agreement or otherwise  vested in them by action of the Board not
inconsistent  with this Agreement,  are agents of the Company for the purpose of
the Company's business and, subject to Section 9(i), the actions of the Officers
taken in accordance with such powers shall bind the Company.

     (g) Duties of Board and Officers.  Except to the extent otherwise  provided
herein,  each  Director and Officer  shall have a fiduciary  duty of loyalty and
care  similar  to  that of  directors  and  officers  of  business  corporations
organized under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware.

Section 12        Limited Liability.

     Except as otherwise  expressly provided by the Act, the debts,  obligations
and liabilities of the Company,  whether arising in contract, tort or otherwise,
shall be the debts,  obligations  and

                                       10

<PAGE>

liabilities  solely of the Company,  and neither the Member nor the Special
Member  nor any  Director  shall be  obligated  personally  for any  such  debt,
obligation  or  liability  of the  Company  solely  by reason of being a Member,
Special Member or Director of the Company.

Section 13        Capital Contributions.

     The Member has  contributed  to the Company  property of an agreed value as
listed on Schedule B attached  hereto.  In  accordance  with Section  5(c),  the
Special  Member  shall not be required to make any capital  contribution  to the
Company.

Section 14        Additional Contributions.

     The Member is not required to make any additional  capital  contribution to
the Company.  However,  the Member may make additional capital  contributions to
the  Company at any time upon the written  consent of the Member.  To the extent
that the Member makes an additional  capital  contribution  to the Company,  the
Member  shall  revise  Schedule  B of this  Agreement.  The  provisions  of this
Agreement, including this Section 14, are intended to benefit the Member and the
Special  Member  and,  to the  fullest  extent  permitted  by law,  shall not be
construed  as  conferring  any benefit  upon any creditor of the Company (and no
such creditor of the Company shall be a third-party  beneficiary of this Section
14) and the Member and the Special  Member shall not have any duty or obligation
to any  creditor  of the Company to make any  contribution  to the Company or to
issue any call for capital pursuant to this Agreement.

Section 15        Allocation of Profits and Losses.

     The Company's profits and losses shall be allocated to the Member.

Section 16        Distributions.

     Distributions shall be made to the Member at the times and in the aggregate
amounts determined by the Board.  Notwithstanding  any provision to the contrary
contained  in this  Agreement,  the  Company  shall  not be  required  to make a
distribution  to the Member on account of its  interest  in the  Company if such
distribution would violate Section 18-607 of the Act or any other applicable law
or any Basic Document.

Section 17        Books and Records.

     The Board shall keep or cause to be kept  complete  and  accurate  books of
account and records with  respect to the  Company's  business.  The books of the
Company shall at all times be  maintained by the Board.  The Member and its duly
authorized  representatives  shall have the right to examine the Company  books,
records and documents during normal business hours.  The Company,  and the Board
on behalf of the Company, shall not have the right to keep confidential from the
Member any  information  that the Board would  otherwise  be  permitted  to keep
confidential  from the Member  pursuant  to Section  18-305(c)  of the Act.  The
Company's  books of  account  shall  be kept  using  the  method  of  accounting
determined by the Member. The Company's independent auditor, if any, shall be an
independent public accounting firm selected by the Member.

                                       11

<PAGE>

Section 18        Reports.

     The Board shall,  after the end of each fiscal year, use reasonable efforts
to cause the  Company to prepare  and  transmit  to the  Member as  promptly  as
possible any such tax  information as may be reasonably  necessary to enable the
Member to prepare its federal,  state and local  income tax returns  relating to
such fiscal year.

Section 19        Other Business.

     The  Member,  the  Special  Member and any  Affiliate  of the Member or the
Special Member may engage in or possess an interest in other  business  ventures
(unconnected  with the Company) of every kind and description,  independently or
with others  notwithstanding  any provision to the contrary at law or in equity.
The Company shall not have any rights in or to such independent  ventures or the
income or profits therefrom by virtue of this Agreement.

Section 20        Exculpation and Indemnification.

     (a) Neither the Member nor the Special  Member nor any  Officer,  Director,
employee  or agent of the  Company nor any  employee,  representative,  agent or
Affiliate  of the  Member or the  Special  Member  (collectively,  the  "Covered
Persons")  shall,  to the  fullest  extent  permitted  by law,  be liable to the
Company or any other  Person  that is a party to or is  otherwise  bound by this
Agreement  for any  loss,  damage  or claim  incurred  by  reason  of any act or
omission  performed or omitted by such Covered Person in good faith on behalf of
the  Company and in a manner  reasonably  believed to be within the scope of the
authority  conferred on such  Covered  Person by this  Agreement,  except that a
Covered  Person shall be liable for any such loss,  damage or claim  incurred by
reason of such Covered Person's gross negligence or willful misconduct.

     (b) To the fullest  extent  permitted by applicable  law, a Covered  Person
shall be entitled to  indemnification  from the Company for any loss,  damage or
claim incurred by such Covered Person by reason of any act or omission performed
or omitted by such Covered  Person in good faith on behalf of the Company and in
a manner reasonably  believed to be within the scope of the authority  conferred
on such Covered Person by this Agreement, except that no Covered Person shall be
entitled to be indemnified  in respect of any loss,  damage or claim incurred by
such  Covered  Person by reason of such Covered  Person's  gross  negligence  or
willful  misconduct with respect to such acts or omissions;  provided,  however,
that any indemnity under this Section 20 by the Company shall be provided out of
and to the extent of Company  assets only, and the Member and the Special Member
shall not have personal liability on account thereof; and provided further, that
until the BRE  Expiration  Date, no indemnity  payment from funds of the Company
(as distinct from funds from other sources,  such as insurance) of any indemnity
under this  Section  20 shall be payable  from  amounts  allocable  to any other
Person pursuant to the Basic Documents.

     (c) To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, expenses  (including
legal fees) incurred by a Covered Person  defending any claim,  demand,  action,
suit or proceeding shall, from time to time, be advanced by the Company prior to
the final  disposition of

                                       12

<PAGE>

such claim, demand,  action, suit or proceeding upon receipt by the Company
of an  undertaking by or on behalf of the Covered Person to repay such amount if
it shall be determined that the Covered Person is not entitled to be indemnified
as authorized in this Section 20.

     (d) A Covered Person shall be fully protected in relying in good faith upon
the  records of the  Company  and upon such  information,  opinions,  reports or
statements  presented  to the  Company by any Person as to matters  the  Covered
Person reasonably believes are within such other Person's professional or expert
competence and who has been selected with reasonable care by or on behalf of the
Company, including information,  opinions, reports or statements as to the value
and amount of the  assets,  liabilities,  or any other  facts  pertinent  to the
existence  and amount of assets  from which  distributions  to the Member  might
properly be paid.

     (e) To the extent that,  at law or in equity,  a Covered  Person has duties
(including  fiduciary duties) and liabilities relating thereto to the Company or
to any other Covered Person,  a Covered Person acting under this Agreement shall
not be liable to the Company or to any other  Covered  Person for its good faith
reliance on the  provisions of this  Agreement or any approval or  authorization
granted by the  Company or any other  Covered  Person.  The  provisions  of this
Agreement,  to the extent that they  restrict  the duties and  liabilities  of a
Covered Person otherwise  existing at law or in equity, are agreed by the Member
and the Special  Member to replace  such other  duties and  liabilities  of such
Covered Person.

     (f)  The  foregoing  provisions  of  this  Section  20  shall  survive  any
termination of this Agreement.

Section 21        Assignments.

     Until  the BRE  Expiration  Date,  no direct or  indirect  transfer  of any
limited liability company interest in the Company may be made, except to Brascan
in  accordance  with the terms and  conditions  of (i) the Senior  Secured  Note
Agreement  dated as of January 14, 2003 between CRIIMI MAE and Brascan and (ii)
the Investment  Agreement,  dated as of November 14, 2002 between CRIIMI MAE and
Brascan.  Subject to  Section  23, if the Member  transfers  all of its  limited
liability  company  interest  in the Company  pursuant  to this  Section 21, the
transferee  shall be admitted to the Company as a member of the Company upon its
execution of an instrument signifying its agreement to be bound by the terms and
conditions of this Agreement,  which  instrument may be a counterpart  signature
page to this  Agreement.  Such admission shall be deemed  effective  immediately
prior to the transfer and, immediately following such admission,  the transferor
Member  shall cease to be a member of the Company.  Notwithstanding  anything in
this  Agreement  to the  contrary,  any  successor  to the  Member  by merger or
consolidation in compliance with the Basic Documents shall, without further act,
be the Member hereunder,  and such merger or consolidation  shall not constitute
an assignment  for purposes of this  Agreement  and the Company  shall  continue
without dissolution.

Section 22        Resignation.

                                       13

<PAGE>

     Until  the BRE  Expiration  Date,  the  Member  may not  resign,  except as
permitted  under the Basic  Documents.  If the  Member  is  permitted  to resign
pursuant  to this  Section  22, an  additional  member of the  Company  shall be
admitted  to the  Company,  subject  to Section  23,  upon its  execution  of an
instrument  signifying  its agreement to be bound by the terms and conditions of
this  Agreement,  which  instrument may be a counterpart  signature page to this
Agreement.  Such admission shall be deemed  effective  immediately  prior to the
resignation  and,  immediately  following such admission,  the resigning  Member
shall cease to be a member of the Company.

Section 23        Admission of Additional Members.

     One or more  additional  members  of the  Company  may be  admitted  to the
Company  with the  written  consent  of the  Member;  provided,  however,  that,
notwithstanding  the  foregoing,  until the BRE  Expiration  Date, no additional
Member may be admitted to the Company pursuant to Sections 21, 22 or 23.

Section 24        Dissolution.

     (a)  Subject to Section  9(i),  the  Company  shall be  dissolved,  and its
affairs  shall be wound up upon  the  first to occur of the  following:  (i) the
termination of the legal  existence of the last remaining  member of the Company
or the occurrence of any other event which  terminates the continued  membership
of the last remaining member of the Company in the Company unless the Company is
continued without dissolution in a manner permitted by this Agreement or the Act
or (ii) the entry of a decree of judicial  dissolution  under Section  18-802 of
the Act. Upon the occurrence of any event that causes the last remaining  member
of the  Company to cease to be a member of the Company or that causes the Member
to cease to be a member of the Company (other than (i) upon an assignment by the
Member of all of its limited  liability  company interest in the Company and the
admission  of the  transferee  pursuant  to  Sections  21 and 23,  or  (ii)  the
resignation  of the  Member and the  admission  of an  additional  member of the
Company pursuant to Sections 22 and 23), to the fullest extent permitted by law,
the personal  representative  of such member is hereby authorized to, and shall,
within 90 days after the  occurrence of the event that  terminated the continued
membership  of such member in the Company,  agree in writing (i) to continue the
Company and (ii) to the admission of the personal  representative or its nominee
or  designee,  as the  case  may be,  as a  substitute  member  of the  Company,
effective  as of the  occurrence  of the event  that  terminated  the  continued
membership  of the last  remaining  member of the  Company  or the Member in the
Company.

     (b) Notwithstanding  any other provision of this Agreement,  the Bankruptcy
of the  Member or the  Special  Member  shall not  cause the  Member or  Special
Member,  respectively,  to  cease  to be a member  of the  Company  and upon the
occurrence of such an event, the Company shall continue without dissolution.

     (c)  Notwithstanding  any other  provision of this  Agreement,  each of the
Member and the Special Member waives any right it might have to agree in writing
to dissolve the Company upon the Bankruptcy of the Member or the Special Member,
or the  occurrence

                                       14

<PAGE>

of an event that causes the Member or the  Special  Member to cease to be a
member of the Company.

     (d) In the  event of  dissolution,  the  Company  shall  conduct  only such
activities  as are necessary to wind up its affairs  (including  the sale of the
assets of the Company in an orderly manner), and the assets of the Company shall
be applied in the  manner,  and in the order of  priority,  set forth in Section
18-804 of the Act.

     (e) The Company shall  terminate when (i) all of the assets of the Company,
after payment of or due provision for all debts,  liabilities and obligations of
the Company shall have been distributed to the Member in the manner provided for
in this Agreement and (ii) the Certificate of Formation shall have been canceled
in the manner required by the Act.

Section 25        Waiver of Partition; Nature of Interest.

     Except as otherwise  expressly  provided in this Agreement,  to the fullest
extent  permitted  by law,  each of the Member  and the  Special  Member  hereby
irrevocably  waives any right or power that such Person  might have to cause the
Company or any of its assets to be  partitioned,  to cause the  appointment of a
receiver for all or any portion of the assets of the Company, to compel any sale
of all or any  portion of the assets of the Company  pursuant to any  applicable
law or to file a complaint or to institute any proceeding at law or in equity to
cause the  dissolution,  liquidation,  winding up or termination of the Company.
The Member shall not have any  interest in any  specific  assets of the Company,
and the  Member  shall not have the  status of a  creditor  with  respect to any
distribution  pursuant to Section 16 hereof.  The  interest of the Member in the
Company is personal property.

Section 26        Benefits of Agreement; No Third-Party Rights.

     Except for Bear  Stearns with  respect to the Special  Purpose  Provisions,
none of the  provisions  of  this  Agreement  shall  be for  the  benefit  of or
enforceable  by any  creditor of the Company or by any creditor of the Member or
the  Special  Member.  Nothing in this  Agreement  shall be deemed to create any
right in any Person (other than Covered  Persons) not a party  hereto,  and this
Agreement  shall not be construed in any respect to be a contract in whole or in
part for the benefit of any third Person (except as provided in Section 29).

Section 27        Severability of Provisions.

     Each provision of this Agreement  shall be considered  severable and if for
any reason any  provision or  provisions  herein are  determined  to be invalid,
unenforceable  or illegal  under any  existing or future law,  such  invalidity,
unenforceability or illegality shall not impair the operation of or affect those
portions of this Agreement which are valid, enforceable and legal.

Section 28        Entire Agreement.

     This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement of the parties with respect
to the subject matter hereof.

Section 29        Binding Agreement.

                                       15

<PAGE>

     Notwithstanding  any other provision of this  Agreement,  the Member agrees
that this Agreement,  including,  without limitation,  Sections 7, 8, 9, 10, 20,
21, 22, 23, 24, 26, 29 and 31,  constitutes a legal, valid and binding agreement
of  the  Member,  and is  enforceable  against  the  Member  by the  Independent
Director,  in accordance with its terms. In addition,  the Independent  Director
shall be an intended beneficiary of this Agreement, and Bear Stearns shall be an
intended beneficiary of the Special Purpose Provisions.

Section 30        Governing Law.

     This  Agreement  shall be governed by and  construed  under the laws of the
State of Delaware  (without regard to conflict of laws  principles),  all rights
and remedies being governed by said laws.

Section 31        Amendments.

     Subject  to  Section  9(i),  this  Agreement  may  be  modified,   altered,
supplemented or amended pursuant to a written  agreement  executed and delivered
by the  Member.  Until  the  BRE  Expiration  Date,  this  Agreement  may not be
modified, altered,  supplemented or amended without the unanimous consent of the
Board and the Member  except:  (i) to cure any  ambiguity  or (ii) to convert or
supplement  any  provision  in a  manner  consistent  with  the  intent  of this
Agreement and the other Basic Documents.

Section 32        Counterparts.

     This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which
shall be deemed an original of this  Agreement and all of which  together  shall
constitute one and the same instrument.

Section 33        Notices.

     Any notices  required  to be  delivered  hereunder  shall be in writing and
personally  delivered,  mailed  or sent by  telecopy,  electronic  mail or other
similar form of rapid transmission,  and shall be deemed to have been duly given
upon  receipt (a) in the case of the  Company,  to the Company at its address in
Section 2, (b) in the case of the Member, to the Member at its address as listed
on Schedule B attached hereto and (c) in the case of either of the foregoing, at
such other address as may be designated by written notice to the other party.

Section 34        Effectiveness.

     Pursuant  to  Section  18-201  (d) of the  Act,  this  Agreement  shall  be
effective as of the time of the filing of the  Certificate of Formation with the
Office of the Delaware Secretary of State on January 10, 2003.

                            [SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]


                                       16

<PAGE>

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned,  intending to be legally bound hereby,
has duly executed this Limited Liability Company Agreement as of the 13th day of
January 2003.

                                        MEMBER:

                                        CRIIMI NEWCO MEMBER, INC.


                                        /s/David B. Iannarone
                                        -----------------------------------
                                        Name:  David B. Iannarone
                                        Title:  Executive Vice President


                                        SPECIAL MEMBER:


                                        /s/Edna Astacio
                                        ----------------------------------
                                        Name: Edna Astacio







                                       17


<PAGE>


                                   SCHEDULE A

                                   Definitions
A.       Definitions

     When used in this  Agreement,  the following  terms not  otherwise  defined
herein have the following meanings:

     "Act" has the meaning set forth in the preamble to this Agreement.

     "Affiliate"  means,  to any  corporation,  partnership,  limited  liability
company,  trust or other association,  any Person which controls,  is controlled
by, or is under common  control with,  such  corporation,  partnership,  limited
liability company, trust or other association.

     "Agreement"  means this Limited Liability Company Agreement of the Company,
together  with  the  schedules   attached  hereto,   as  amended,   restated  or
supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time.

     "Bankruptcy" means, with respect to any Person, if such Person (i) makes an
assignment  for the benefit of  creditors,  (ii) files a  voluntary  petition in
bankruptcy, (iii) is adjudged a bankrupt or insolvent, or has entered against it
an order for relief, in any bankruptcy or insolvency  proceedings,  (iv) files a
petition  or  answer  seeking  for  itself  any   reorganization,   arrangement,
composition,  readjustment, liquidation or similar relief under any statute, law
or  regulation,  (v) files an answer or other  pleading  admitting or failing to
contest  the  material  allegations  of a  petition  filed  against  it  in  any
proceeding  of  this  nature,  (vi)  seeks,  consents  to or  acquiesces  in the
appointment of a trustee,  receiver or liquidator of the Person or of all or any
substantial part of its properties,  or (vii) if 120 days after the commencement
of any  proceeding  against  the  Person  seeking  reorganization,  arrangement,
composition,  readjustment, liquidation or similar relief under any statute, law
or regulation,  if the proceeding has not been  dismissed,  or if within 90 days
after the  appointment  without  such  Person's  consent  or  acquiescence  of a
trustee, receiver or liquidator of such Person or of all or any substantial part
of its properties,  the appointment is not vacated or stayed,  or within 90 days
after the  expiration  of any such stay,  the  appointment  is not vacated.  The
foregoing  definition of "Bankruptcy" is intended to replace and shall supersede
and replace the definition of "Bankruptcy"  set forth in Sections  18-101(1) and
18-304 of the Act.

     "Basic  Documents"  means this  Agreement,  the Management  Agreement,  the
Repurchase  Agreement,  the  Distribution  and  Contribution  Agreement  and all
documents  and  certificates  contemplated  thereby or delivered  in  connection
therewith.

     "Bear Stearns" means Bear, Stearns  International  Limited or its successor
or  assignee  under  the  Repurchase  Agreement  and the  agreements  and  other
documents contemplated thereby or delivered in connection therewith.

     "Board"  or  "Board of  Directors"  means  the  Board of  Directors  of the
Company.

     "Brascan" means Brascan Real Estate Financial Investments, LLC.

                                      A-1

<PAGE>

     "BRE Expiration  Date" means the date on which all the obligations  arising
under the Repurchase Agreement are satisfied.

     "Certificate  of  Formation"  means the  Certificate  of  Formation  of the
Company  filed with the  Secretary  of State of the State of Delaware on January
10, 2003, as amended or amended and restated from time to time.

     "Code" means the Internal  Revenue Code of 1986, as amended,  including the
regulations   promulgated  and  rulings  issued  thereunder  and  any  successor
regulations which may be promulgated thereunder.

     "Company" means CRIIMI Newco, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.

     "Control"  (including  with its correlative  meanings,  "controlled by" and
"under common control with") means the  possession,  directly or indirectly,  of
the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of such
person  (whether  through  ownership  of  securities  or  partnership  or  other
ownership interests, by contract or otherwise).

     "Covered Persons" has the meaning set forth in Section 20(a).

     "CRIIMI MAE" means CRIIMI MAE Inc., a Maryland corporation.

     "Directors"  means the Persons  elected to the Board of Directors from time
to time by the Member,  including the Independent Director, in their capacity as
managers of the Company.  A Director is hereby  designated as a "manager" of the
Company within the meaning of Section 18-101(10) of the Act.

     "Distribution  and  Contribution  Agreement"  means  the  Distribution  and
Contribution  Agreement by and between CBO REIT, Inc.,  CRIIMI MAE, Member,  the
Company and CBO REIT II, Inc.

     "Independent  Director"  means a natural  person  who is not at the time of
initial  appointment,  or at any time while serving as a director of the Company
and has not  been at any  time  during  the  preceding  five  (5)  years:  (a) a
stockholder, director (with the exception of serving as the Independent Director
of CRIIMI NEWCO LLC, CBO REIT II, INC., CRIIMI MAE QRS1, INC. or CRIIMI MAE CMBS
Corp.), officer,  employee,  partner, member, attorney or counsel of the Company
or any affiliate; (b) a creditor, customer, supplier or other person who derives
any of its purchases or revenues from its  activities  with the Company,  or any
affiliate;  (c) a person  controlling  or  under  common  control  with any such
stockholder,  partner, member, creditor,  customer, supplier or other person; or
(d) a member of the immediate family of any such stockholder, director, officer,
employee,  partner,  member, creditor,  customer,  supplier or other person. (As
used herein,  the term "affiliate"  means any person  controlling,  under common
control with, or  controlled by the person in question;  and the term  "control"
means the  possession,  director or indirectly,  of the power to direct or cause
the  direction  of  management  policies  or  activities  of a person or entity,
whether through ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise.)

     A  natural  person  who  satisfies  the  foregoing  definition  other  than
subparagraph  (b) shall  not be  disqualified  from  serving  as an  Independent
Director of the Company if such individual is

                                      A-2

<PAGE>

an independent director provided by a nationally-recognized  company (which
term includes National  Registered Agents,  Inc. and any successor thereto) that
provides  professional  independent  directors  and  that  also  provides  other
corporate services in the ordinary course of its business.

     A natural person who otherwise  satisfies the foregoing  definition  except
for being the independent director of a "special purpose entity" affiliated with
the  Company  that  does not own a direct or  indirect  equity  interest  in the
Company shall not be disqualified from serving as an Independent Director of the
Company if such individual is at the time of initial appointment, or at any time
while serving as an Independent Director of the Company, an Independent Director
of a "special purpose entity" affiliated with the Company (other than any entity
that  owns a  direct  or  indirect  equity  interest  in the  Company)  if  such
individual  is  an  independent  director  provided  by a  nationally-recognized
company (which term includes National  Registered Agents, Inc. and any successor
thereto) that provides professional  independent directors. For purposes of this
paragraph,  a  "special  purpose  entity"  is an  entity,  whose  organizational
documents contain restrictions on its activities  substantially similar to those
set forth in the Special Purpose Provisions.

     "Management  Agreement"  means the  agreement of the  Directors in the form
attached  hereto  as  Schedule  C. The  Management  Agreement  shall  be  deemed
incorporated into, and a part of, this Agreement.

     "Member" means CRIIMI Newco Member,  Inc., a Maryland  corporation,  as the
initial member of the Company, and includes any Person admitted as an additional
member of the  Company or a  substitute  member of the  Company  pursuant to the
provisions of this  Agreement,  each in its capacity as a member of the Company;
provided, however, the term "Member" shall not include the Special Member.

     "Officer" means an officer of the Company described in Section 11.

     "Officer's  Certificate"  means a certificate  signed by any Officer of the
Company  who is  authorized  to act for the  Company in matters  relating to the
Company.

     "Person"  means an  individual,  corporation,  partnership,  estate,  trust
(including a corporation  qualified  under  Section  401(a) or 501(c)(17) of the
Code),  a  portion  of a  corporation  permanently  set  aside for or to be used
exclusively  for  the  purposes   described  in  Section  642(c)  of  the  Code,
association,  private  foundation  within the  meaning of Section  509(a) of the
Code, joint stock company or other entity and also includes a group as that term
is used for purposes of Section 13(d)(3) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended.

     "Repurchase  Agreement"  means the Repurchase  Agreement by and between the
Company, CBO REIT II, Inc. and Bear, Stearns International Limited.

     "Special Purpose Provisions" has the meaning set forth in Section 9(i)(ii).

     "Special  Member" means,  upon such person's  admission to the Company as a
member of the Company  pursuant to Section 5(c), a person acting as  Independent
Director, in such person's

                                      A-3

<PAGE>

capacity as a member of the Company. A Special Member
shall only have the rights and duties expressly set forth in this Agreement.

B.       Rules of Construction

     Definitions in this Agreement apply equally to both the singular and plural
forms of the defined terms. The words "include" and "including"  shall be deemed
to be followed by the phrase "without  limitation." The terms "herein," "hereof"
and  "hereunder"  and other words of similar import refer to this Agreement as a
whole and not to any particular Section,  paragraph or subdivision.  The Section
titles  appear  as a  matter  of  convenience  only and  shall  not  affect  the
interpretation of this Agreement.  All Section,  paragraph,  clause,  Exhibit or
Schedule  references not attributed to a particular document shall be references
to such parts of this Agreement.








                                      A-4


<PAGE>


                                   SCHEDULE B

                                     Member
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
-------------------------- -------------------------------- --------------------------- ----------------------------
                                                                 Agreed Value of                Membership
          Name                     Mailing Address             Capital Contribution              Interest
-------------------------- -------------------------------- --------------------------- ----------------------------
<S>                        <C>                              <C>                         <C>
CRIIMI Newco Member, Inc.       11200 Rockville Pike                  $1.00                        100%
                                 Rockville, MD 20852
-------------------------- -------------------------------- --------------------------- ----------------------------
</TABLE>







                                      B-1


<PAGE>

                                   SCHEDULE C

                              Management Agreement

                                January 13, 2003

CRIIMI Newco, LLC
11200 Rockville Pike
Rockville, MD 20852

                  Re: Management Agreement - CRIIMI Newco, LLC

Ladies and Gentlemen:

     For good and valuable  consideration,  each of the undersigned Persons, who
have been  designated  as directors  of CRIIMI  Newco,  LLC, a Delaware  limited
liability  company (the  "Company"),  in accordance  with the Limited  Liability
Company  Agreement  of the Company,  dated as of January 13, 2003,  as it may be
amended or restated  from time to time (the "LLC  Agreement"),  hereby  agree as
follows:

     1. Each of the undersigned  accepts such Person's rights and authority as a
Director  under the LLC  Agreement  and agrees to  perform  and  discharge  such
Person's  duties and  obligations  as a Director  under the LLC  Agreement,  and
further agrees that such rights,  authorities,  duties and obligations under the
LLC Agreement  shall  continue  until such  Person's  successor as a Director is
designated  or until such  Person's  resignation  or  removal  as a Director  in
accordance  with  the  LLC  Agreement.   Each  of  the  undersigned  agrees  and
acknowledges  that he or she has been  designated  as a "manager" of the Company
within the meaning of the Delaware Limited Liability Company Act.

     2. Until the BRE Expiration Date, each of the undersigned agrees, solely in
its capacity as a creditor of the Company on account of any  indemnification  or
other  payment  owing  to the  undersigned  by the  Company,  not to  acquiesce,
petition or  otherwise  invoke or cause the Company to invoke the process of any
court or  governmental  authority  for the purpose of commencing or sustaining a
case against the Company  under any federal or state  bankruptcy,  insolvency or
similar law or appointing a receiver, liquidator,  assignee, trustee, custodian,
sequestrator or other similar official of the Company or any substantial part of
the property of the Company,  or ordering the winding up or  liquidation  of the
affairs of the Company.

     3.  THIS  MANAGEMENT  AGREEMENT  SHALL  BE  GOVERNED  BY AND  CONSTRUED  IN
ACCORDANCE  WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE,  AND ALL RIGHTS AND REMEDIES
SHALL BE GOVERNED BY SUCH LAWS  WITHOUT  REGARD TO  PRINCIPLES  OF  CONFLICTS OF
LAWS.

     Initially  capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein have the
meanings set forth in the LLC Agreement.

                                      C-1

<PAGE>

     This  Management  Agreement may be executed in any number of  counterparts,
each of which shall be deemed an original of this  Management  Agreement and all
of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument.

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed this Management Agreement
as of the day and year first above written.


                                   ---------------------------
                                   David B. Iannarone


                                   ---------------------------
                                   Cynthia Azzara


                                   ----------------------------
                                   Edna Astacio



                                      C-2

<PAGE>


                                   SCHEDULE D



         DIRECTORS


1. David B. Iannarone

2. Cynthia Azzara

3. Edna Astacio (Independent Director)









                                      D-1

<PAGE>

                                   SCHEDULE E


OFFICERS                   TITLE


H. William Willoughby      President/Secretary
David B. Iannarone         Executive Vice President
Cynthia O. Azzara          Senior Vice President/Chief Financial
                             Officer/Treasurer
Brian L. Hanson            Senior Vice President
Susan B. Railey            Vice President/Assistant Secretary
Eugene Bredow              Vice President/Controller
Daniel Warcholak           Group Vice President
Richard Gibson             Vice President
Nancy E. Currier           Vice President/Assistant Secretary
Mark A. Libera             Vice President/General Counsel
R. Clay Barnes             Vice President
Carol McMahon              Vice President
Paula Reuther              Assistant Vice President
John Snow                  Assistant Vice President
Elizabeth Rogers           Assistant Vice President
Barbara Young              Assistant Vice President



<PAGE>


                            CERTIFICATE OF FORMATION

                                       OF

                                CRIIMI NEWCO, LLC


     This Certificate of Formation of CRIIMI Newco, LLC (the "LLC"), dated as of
January 10, 2003,  has been duly executed and is being filed by James G. Leyden,
Jr., as an  authorized  person,  to form a limited  liability  company under the
Delaware Limited Liability Company Act (6 Del.C. Section 18-101, et seq.).

     FIRST.  The name of the limited  liability  company formed hereby is CRIIMI
Newco, LLC.

     SECOND.  The  address of the  registered  office of the LLC in the State of
Delaware is c/o National Registered Agents, 9 E. Loockerman Street,  Dover, Kent
County, Delaware 19901.

     THIRD.  The name and address of the registered agent for service of process
on the LLC in the State of Delaware National  Registered Agents, 9 E. Loockerman
Street, Dover, Kent County, Delaware 19901.

     IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  the  undersigned  has executed  this  Certificate  of
Formation as of the date first above written.


                                     /s/James G. Leyden, Jr.
                                     -----------------------------
                                     Name: James G. Leyden, Jr.
                                     Authorized Person



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
