<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>18
<FILENAME>gua_agmt-0114.txt
<DESCRIPTION>GUARANTEE
<TEXT>

                                                                EXHIBIT 10.5

                                                          EXECUTION VERSION


                                    GUARANTEE

     GUARANTEE,  dated as of January  14,  2003,  made by CRIIMI  MAE,  INC.,  a
Maryland corporation (the "Guarantor"),  in favor of BEAR, STEARNS INTERNATIONAL
LIMITED (the "Buyer"),  party to the Repurchase Agreement dated January 14, 2003
by and among Buyer,  CRIIMI  Newco,  LLC (a  "Seller")  and CBO REIT II, Inc. (a
"Seller") (the "Repurchase Agreement").

                                    RECITALS

     Reference is made to the Repurchase Agreement,  pursuant to which the Buyer
agreed to enter into a  Transaction  with the Sellers upon the terms and subject
to  the  conditions  set  forth  therein.  It is a  condition  precedent  to the
obligation of the Buyer to enter into the Transaction with the Sellers under the
Repurchase  Agreement,  that the Guarantor execute and deliver to the Buyer this
Guarantee.

     NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and to induce the Buyer to
enter into the  Repurchase  Agreement  and to induce the Buyer to enter into the
Transaction  with the Sellers  under the  Repurchase  Agreement,  the  Guarantor
hereby agrees with the Buyer as follows:

     1. Defined Terms.

     (a) Unless  otherwise  defined  herein,  terms  defined  in the  Repurchase
Agreement  and  used  herein  shall  have  the  meanings  given  to  them in the
Repurchase  Agreement,  and the  following  terms  used  herein  shall  have the
meanings assigned to them below:

     "ERISA"  shall,  with respect to any Person,  mean the Employee  Retirement
Income  Security  Act of 1974,  as amended  from time to time and any  successor
thereto, and the regulations promulgated and rulings issued thereunder.

     "ERISA Affiliate" shall, with respect to any Person,  mean any Person which
is a member of any group of organizations (i) described in Section 414(b) or (c)
of the Code of which such  Person is a member,  or (ii)  solely for  purposes of
potential  liability under Section 302(c)(11) of ERISA and Section 412(c)(11) of
the Code and the lien created under Section  302(f) of ERISA and Section  412(n)
of the Code, described in Section 414(m) or (o) of the Code of which such Person
is a member.

     "Event of ERISA  Termination"  shall,  with  respect to Guarantor or either
Seller,  mean (i) with respect to any Plan, a  reportable  event,  as defined in
Section  4043 of ERISA,  as to which the PBGC has not by  regulation  waived the
reporting of the occurrence of such event,  or (ii) the withdrawal of Guarantor,
such  Seller or any ERISA  Affiliate  thereof  from a Plan during a plan year in
which it is a substantial  employer,  as defined in Section 4001(a)(2) of ERISA,
or (iii) the failure by Guarantor, such Seller or any ERISA Affiliate thereof to
meet the minimum  funding  standard of Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of
ERISA with respect to any Plan,  including,  without limitation,  the failure to
make on or before its due date a required  installment  under Section  412(m) of
the Code or Section 302(e) of ERISA, or (iv) the distribution under

<PAGE>

Section  4041 of ERISA of a notice of intent to  terminate  any Plan or any
action  taken by  Guarantor,  such  Seller or any  ERISA  Affiliate  thereof  to
terminate  any Plan,  or (v) the  adoption  of an  amendment  to any Plan  that,
pursuant to Section 401(a)(29) of the Code or Section 307 of ERISA, would result
in the loss of  tax-exempt  status of the trust of which  such Plan is a part if
Guarantor,  such Seller or any ERISA  Affiliate  thereof fails to timely provide
security to the Plan in accordance with the provisions of said Sections, or (vi)
the  institution by the PBGC of proceedings  under Section 4042 of ERISA for the
termination  of, or the  appointment  of a trustee to  administer,  any Plan, or
(vii) the receipt by Guarantor,  such Seller or any ERISA Affiliate thereof of a
notice  from a  Multiemployer  Plan  that  action of the type  described  in the
previous  clause  (vi)  has  been  taken  by  the  PBGC  with  respect  to  such
Multiemployer  Plan,  or  (viii)  any  event or  circumstance  exists  which may
reasonably be expected to constitute  grounds for Guarantor,  such Seller or any
ERISA  Affiliate  thereof to incur  liability  under  Title IV of ERISA or under
Section 412(c)(11) of the Code with respect to any Plan.

     "Multiemployer  Plan"  shall  mean,  with  respect to  Guarantor  or either
Seller, a "multiemployer  plan" as defined in Section  4001(a)(3) of ERISA which
is or was at any time during the current year or the immediately  preceding five
years  contributed  to (or required to be  contributed  to) by such Guarantor or
either  Seller or any ERISA  Affiliate  thereof on behalf of its  employees  and
which is covered by Title IV of ERISA.

     "PBGC" shall mean the Pension  Benefit  Guaranty  Corporation or any entity
succeeding to any or all of its functions under ERISA.

     "Plan" shall mean, with respect to Guarantor or either Seller, any employee
benefit or similar  plan that is or was at any time during the  current  year or
immediately  preceding five years  established,  maintained or contributed to by
such  Seller or any ERISA  Affiliate  thereof and that is covered by Title IV of
ERISA, other than a Multiemployer Plan.

     "Reportable  Event"  shall  mean any of the  events  set  forth in  Section
4043(b)  of ERISA,  other  than  those  events as to which the thirty day notice
period is waived under  subsections  .13, .14, .16, .18, .19 or .20 of PBGC Reg.
Section 2615.

     "Single-Employer  Plan"  shall  mean a  single-employer  plan as defined in
Section  4001(a)(15)  of ERISA which is subject to the provisions of Title IV of
ERISA.

     (b) The words  "hereof,"  "herein"  and  "hereunder"  and words of  similar
import when used in this Guarantee  shall refer to this Guarantee as a whole and
not to any  particular  provision of this  Guarantee,  and section and paragraph
references are to this Guarantee unless otherwise specified.

     (c) The meanings given to terms defined herein shall be equally  applicable
to both the singular and plural forms of such terms.

     2. Guarantee.

     (a) The Guarantor hereby,  unconditionally  and irrevocably,  guarantees to
the Buyer and its successors, indorsees, transferees and assigns, the prompt and
complete  payment and performance by the Sellers when due (whether at the stated
maturity, by acceleration or

                                      -2-

<PAGE>

otherwise) of the Obligations (which shall include, without limitation, the
obligation  to make cash  payments or pledge  additional  collateral in order to
cure a Margin Call under the Repurchase Agreement, to make scheduled payments of
Price Differential,  to make required  Amortization Payments and to pay fees and
expenses required to be paid under the Repurchase Agreement).

     (b) The Guarantor  further  agrees to pay any and all expenses  (including,
without limitation,  all reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel) which may
be paid or incurred by the Buyer  following an Event of Default in enforcing any
rights  with  respect  to,  or  collecting,  any or all  of the  Obligations  or
enforcing any rights with respect to, or collecting against, the Guarantor under
this  Guarantee.  This Guarantee shall remain in full force and effect until the
Obligations are paid in full and the Transaction under the Repurchase  Agreement
is terminated,  notwithstanding that from time to time prior thereto the Sellers
may be free from any Obligations.

     (c) No payment or payments made by the Sellers,  the  Guarantor,  any other
guarantor  or any other  Person or received or  collected  by the Buyer from the
Sellers, the Guarantor, any other guarantor or any other Person by virtue of any
action or proceeding or any set-off or  appropriation or application at any time
or from time to time in reduction of or in payment of the  Obligations  shall be
deemed to modify,  reduce,  release or  otherwise  affect the  liability  of the
Guarantor  hereunder which shall,  notwithstanding  any such payment or payments
other than  payments  made by the  Guarantor  in respect of the  Obligations  or
payments received or collected from the Guarantor in respect of the Obligations,
remain liable for the Obligations until the Obligations are paid in full and the
Transaction is terminated.

     (d) The Guarantor agrees that whenever,  at any time, or from time to time,
it shall make any payment to the Buyer on account of its liability hereunder, it
will notify the Buyer in writing that such payment is made under this  Guarantee
for such purpose.

     (e) Any amounts paid  hereunder  will be applied by the Buyer to reduce the
Obligations under the Repurchase Agreement.

     3. Right of Set-off. The Guarantor hereby irrevocably  authorizes the Buyer
at any time and from  time to time  without  notice to the  Guarantor,  any such
notice being expressly  waived by the Guarantor,  to set-off and appropriate and
apply any and all deposits (general or special,  time or demand,  provisional or
final), in any currency,  and any other credits,  indebtedness or claims, in any
currency,  in each case  whether  direct or  indirect,  absolute or  contingent,
matured  or  unmatured,  at any time  held or  owing by the  Buyer to or for the
credit or the account of the  Guarantor,  or any part thereof in such amounts as
the Buyer may elect,  against and on account of the  Obligations and liabilities
of the  Guarantor  to the Buyer  which are then due and  payable  hereunder  and
claims of every nature and  description of the Buyer against the  Guarantor,  in
any currency,  whether arising hereunder,  under the Repurchase  Agreement,  any
Repurchase  Documents or otherwise,  as the Buyer may elect,  whether or not the
Buyer has made any demand for payment and although such obligations, liabilities
and claims may be contingent or unmatured.  The Buyer agrees promptly (but in no
event later than five (5)  Business  Days  following  any set-off) to notify the
Guarantor  after any such set-off and  application  made by the Buyer;  provided
that the  failure to give such  notice  shall not affect  the  validity  of such
set-off

                                      -3-

<PAGE>

and application. The rights of the Buyer under this Section are in addition
to other rights and remedies  (including,  without  limitation,  other rights of
set-off) which the Buyer may have.


     4. No  Subrogation.  Notwithstanding  any payment or  payments  made by the
Guarantor  hereunder or any set-off or  application of funds of the Guarantor by
the Buyer,  the  Guarantor  shall not be entitled to be subrogated to any of the
rights of the Buyer  against the Sellers or any other  guarantor or any security
or  guarantee  or right of  offset  held by the  Buyer  for the  payment  of the
Obligations,   nor  shall  the  Guarantor  seek  or  be  entitled  to  seek  any
contribution or reimbursement from the Sellers or any other guarantor in respect
of payments  made by the  Guarantor  hereunder,  until all amounts  owing to the
Buyer by the  Sellers  on account of the  Obligations  are paid in full.  If any
amount shall be paid to the Guarantor on account of such  subrogation  rights at
any time when all of the  Obligations  shall  not have  been paid in full,  such
amount shall be held by the  Guarantor in trust for the Buyer,  segregated  from
other  funds  of  the  Guarantor,  and  shall,  forthwith  upon  receipt  by the
Guarantor,  be  turned  over to the  Buyer in the  exact  form  received  by the
Guarantor  (duly  indorsed by the Guarantor to the Buyer,  if  required),  to be
applied against the Obligations,  whether matured or unmatured, in such order as
the Buyer may determine.

     5. Amendments, etc. with respect to the Obligations;  Waiver of Rights. The
Guarantor shall remain obligated  hereunder  notwithstanding  that,  without any
reservation  of rights  against the Guarantor  and without  notice to or further
assent by the Guarantor,  any demand for payment of any of the Obligations  made
by the  Buyer  may  be  rescinded  by  such  party  and  any of the  Obligations
continued, and the Obligations,  or the liability of any other party upon or for
any part thereof, or any security or other assets or guarantee therefor or right
of offset with respect thereto,  may, from time to time, in whole or in part, be
renewed,  extended,  amended,  modified,   accelerated,   compromised,   waived,
surrendered or released by the Buyer, and the Repurchase Agreement and the other
Repurchase   Documents  and  any  other  documents  executed  and  delivered  in
connection therewith may be amended,  modified,  supplemented or terminated,  in
whole or in part,  as the Buyer may deem  advisable  from time to time,  and any
Transaction  Assets or other  assets,  guarantee  or right of offset at any time
held by the Buyer for the  payment of the  Obligations  may be sold,  exchanged,
waived, surrendered or released;  provided,  however, in the event that a Change
of Control has occurred with respect to either Seller,  the Guarantor  shall not
be responsible for any increased Obligations arising directly from any amendment
of any  Repurchase  Document  entered into without the consent of the Guarantor.
The Buyer shall not have any  obligation to protect,  secure,  perfect or insure
any Lien at any time  held by it as  security  for the  Obligations  or for this
Guarantee  or any property  subject  thereto.  When making any demand  hereunder
against the Guarantor,  the Buyer may, but shall be under no obligation to, make
a similar demand on the Sellers or any other  guarantor,  and any failure by the
Buyer to make any such demand or to collect any payments from the Sellers or any
such other guarantor or any release of the Sellers or such other guarantor shall
not relieve the Guarantor of its obligations or liabilities hereunder, and shall
not impair or affect the rights and remedies, express or implied, or as a matter
of law, of the Buyer against the  Guarantor.  For the purposes  hereof  "demand"
shall include the commencement and continuance of any legal proceedings.

     6. Guarantee Absolute and  Unconditional.  The Guarantor waives any and all
notice of the creation,  renewal, extension or accrual of any of the Obligations
and  notice  of or proof  of  reliance  by the  Buyer  upon  this  Guarantee  or
acceptance  of  this  Guarantee,  the  Obligations,   and

                                      -4-

<PAGE>

any of them, shall conclusively be deemed to have been created,  contracted
or incurred,  or renewed,  extended,  amended or waived,  in reliance  upon this
Guarantee;  and all dealings  between the Sellers and the Guarantor,  on the one
hand, and the Buyer, on the other hand, likewise shall be conclusively  presumed
to have been had or consummated in reliance upon this  Guarantee.  The Guarantor
waives diligence, presentment, protest, demand for payment and notice of default
or  nonpayment  to or upon the  Sellers  or the  Guarantor  with  respect to the
Obligations.  The Guarantor  understands and agrees that this Guarantee shall be
construed  as a  continuing,  absolute  and  unconditional  guarantee of payment
without  regard  to  (a)  the  validity,  regularity  or  enforceability  of the
Repurchase Agreement or any other Repurchase Document, any of the Obligations or
any other security therefor or guarantee or right of offset with respect thereto
at any time or from time to time held by the Buyer, (b) any defense,  set-off or
counterclaim  (other than a defense of payment or performance)  which may at any
time be available to or be asserted by the Sellers against the Buyer, or (c) any
other  circumstance  whatsoever  (with or without  notice to or knowledge of the
Sellers  or  the  Guarantor)  which  constitutes,   or  might  be  construed  to
constitute,  an equitable or legal discharge of the Sellers for the Obligations,
or of the  Guarantor  under  this  Guarantee,  in  bankruptcy  or in  any  other
instance. When pursuing its rights and remedies hereunder against the Guarantor,
the Buyer may,  but shall be under no  obligation  to,  pursue  such  rights and
remedies as it may have  against the Sellers or any other  Person or against any
security or guarantee  for the  Obligations  or any right of setoff with respect
thereto, and any failure by the Buyer to pursue such other rights or remedies or
to collect any payments  from the Sellers or any such other Person or to realize
upon any such security or guarantee or to exercise any such right of offset,  or
any  release  of the  Sellers  or any such  other  Person or any such  security,
guarantee or right of setoff,  shall not relieve the  Guarantor of any liability
hereunder,  and shall not  impair or affect the  rights  and  remedies,  whether
express,  implied or  available  as a matter of law,  of the Buyer  against  the
Guarantor.  This Guarantee  shall remain in full force and effect and be binding
in  accordance  with and to the extent of its terms upon the  Guarantor  and the
successors and assigns thereof, and shall inure to the benefit of the Buyer, and
its successors,  indorsees,  transferees and assigns,  until all the Obligations
have been  satisfied or the  obligations  of the Guarantor  under this Guarantee
shall have been satisfied by payment in full.


     7.  Reinstatement.  This Guarantee  shall  continue to be effective,  or be
reinstated,  as the case may be, if at any time payment, or any part thereof, of
any of the Obligations is rescinded or must otherwise be restored or returned by
the  Buyer  upon  the  insolvency,  bankruptcy,   dissolution,   liquidation  or
reorganization  of the Sellers or the  Guarantor,  or upon or as a result of the
appointment of a receiver,  intervenor or conservator  of, or trustee or similar
officer  for,  the  Sellers  or the  Guarantor  or any  substantial  part of its
property, or otherwise, all as though such payments had not been made.

     8. Payments.  The Guarantor hereby guarantees that payments  hereunder will
be paid to the Buyer  without  set-off or  counterclaim  in U.S.  Dollars at the
account  maintained  by the  Buyer  specified  in  Section  9 of the  Repurchase
Agreement.

     9.  Representations  and  Warranties.  Except as set forth in that  certain
letter  agreement  dated as of the date of this  Guarantee  and delivered by the
Guarantor  to the Buyer,  a copy of which is  attached  hereto as Exhibit A, the
Guarantor hereby represents and warrants that:

                                      -5-

<PAGE>

     (a) it is duly organized,  validly  existing and in good standing under the
laws  of  the  jurisdiction  of  its  organization  and  has  the  corporate  or
partnership  power and  authority  and the legal  right to own and  operate  its
property,  to lease the  property  it  operates  as lessee  and to  conduct  the
business in which it is currently engaged;

     (b) it has the corporate power and authority and the legal right to execute
and deliver,  and to perform its obligations under, this Guarantee and the other
Repurchase  Documents to which is a party, and has taken all necessary corporate
action to authorize its  execution,  delivery and  performance of this Guarantee
and the other Repurchase Documents to which is a party;

     (c) this Guarantee and each of the other Repurchase  Documents to which the
Guarantor  is a party  has been duly  executed  and  delivered  on behalf of the
Guarantor,  and  constitutes  a  legal,  valid  and  binding  obligation  of the
Guarantor  enforceable in accordance  with its terms,  subject to the effects of
bankruptcy,  insolvency, fraudulent conveyance,  reorganization,  moratorium and
other similar laws relating to or affecting creditors' rights generally, general
equitable  principles  (whether  considered in a proceeding in equity or at law)
and an implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing;

     (d) the execution, delivery and performance of this Guarantee and the other
Repurchase  Documents  to which the  Guarantor  is a party will not  violate any
provision of any  requirement of law or contractual  obligation of the Guarantor
and will not result in or require the creation or  imposition of any Lien on any
of the  properties or revenues of the Guarantor  pursuant to any  requirement of
law or contractual obligation of the Guarantor;

     (e) no consent or authorization of, filing with, notice to, or other act by
or in respect of, any  Governmental  Authority or any other  Person  (including,
without limitation, any stockholder or creditor of the Guarantor) is required in
connection with the execution, delivery, performance, validity or enforceability
of this Guarantee or the other Repurchase  Documents to which the Guarantor is a
party;

     (f) there are no actions, suits, arbitrations,  investigations, (including,
without limitation,  any of the foregoing which are pending, or to the Knowledge
of the Guarantor, threatened) or other legal or arbitrable proceedings affecting
the Guarantor or any of its  consolidated  Subsidiaries or any of the properties
of the  Guarantor  before any  Governmental  Authority  which (i)  questions  or
challenges the validity or enforceability  of the Repurchase  Documents to which
it is a party or any  action  to be taken in  connection  with the  transactions
contemplated hereby, (ii) makes a claim or claims in an aggregate amount greater
than  $1,000,000,   (iii)  individually  or  in  the  aggregate,   if  adversely
determined,  would have a Material Adverse Effect,  or (iv) requires filing with
the SEC in accordance with its regulations;

     (g) it has  timely  filed or caused to be filed all tax  returns  which are
required  to be filed by it and has  timely  paid all Taxes  shown to be due and
payable on said  returns  or on any  assessments  made  against it or any of its
property and all other taxes,  fees or other charges imposed on it or any of its
property by any  Governmental  Authority  (other than any Tax, the amount or the
validity of which is currently  being  appropriately  contested in good faith by
appropriate  proceedings diligently conducted and with respect to which adequate
reserves  in  conformity  with  GAAP  have  been  provided  on the  books of the
Guarantor);  no tax Lien has been

                                      -6-

<PAGE>

filed, and, to the knowledge of the Guarantor,  no claim is being asserted,
with respect to any such tax, fee or other charge;

     (h) ERISA.

     (i) No liability  under Section 4062,  4063, 4064 or 4069 of ERISA has been
or is expected by the  Guarantor  to be incurred by the  Guarantor  or any ERISA
Affiliate thereof with respect to any Plan which is a Single-Employer Plan in an
amount that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

     (ii) No Plan which is a  Single-Employer  Plan had an  accumulated  funding
deficiency,  whether or not waived, as of the last day of the most recent fiscal
year of such Plan ended prior to the date hereof.  Neither the Guarantor nor any
ERISA Affiliate  thereof is (A) required to give security to any Plan which is a
Single-Employer  Plan pursuant to Section 401(a) (29) of the Code or Section 307
of ERISA,  or (B) subject to a Lien in favor of such a Plan under Section 412(n)
of the Code or Section 302(f) of ERISA.

     (iii) Each Plan of the Guarantor,  each of its Subsidiaries and each of its
ERISA  Affiliates is in compliance  with the applicable  provisions of ERISA and
the Code,  except  where the failure to comply  would not result in any Material
Adverse Effect.

     (iv) Neither the Guarantor nor any of its  Subsidiaries  has incurred a tax
liability  under  Chapter 43 of the Code or a penalty under Section 502 of ERISA
which has not been paid in full,  except  where  the  incurrence  of such tax or
penalty would not result in a Material Adverse Effect.

     (v)  Neither  the  Guarantor  nor  any of  its  Subsidiaries  or any  ERISA
Affiliate  thereof has incurred or  reasonably  expects to incur any  withdrawal
liability  under  Section  4201 of ERISA as a result of a  complete  or  partial
withdrawal  from a  Multiemployer  Plan in an amount  that could  reasonably  be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

     (i)  The  Order   Confirming   Debtors'   Third   Amended   Joint  Plan  of
Reorganization,  entered November 22, 2000 in the United States Bankruptcy Court
for the District of Maryland,  Greenbelt  Division,  as entered on the docket of
such court, has not been reversed,  stayed,  modified,  or amended, and: (a) the
time to appeal,  seek review or rehearing or petition for certiorari has expired
and no  timely-filed  appeal  or  petition  for  review,  rehearing,  remand  or
certiorari is pending;  or (b) any appeal taken or petition for certiorari filed
has been  resolved  by the  highest  court to which  the order or  judgment  was
appealed or from which certiorari was sought.

     The Guarantor  agrees that the  foregoing  representations  and  warranties
shall be deemed to have been made by the  Guarantor on the  Purchase  Date under
the  Repurchase  Agreement.

     10. Covenants.

                                      -7-

<PAGE>

     (a) Preservation of Existence; Compliance with Law. The Guarantor shall:

     (i)  Preserve  and  maintain  its legal  existence  and all of its material
rights,  privileges,  licenses and franchises necessary for the operation of its
business;

     (ii)  Comply  with  the  requirements  of  all  applicable   laws,   rules,
regulations  and  orders,   whether  now  in  effect  or  hereafter  enacted  or
promulgated  by  any  applicable  Governmental  Authority  (including,   without
limitation, all environmental laws) in all material respects;

     (iii)  Maintain all  licenses,  permits or other  approvals  necessary  for
Guarantor  to conduct  its  business  and to perform its  obligations  under the
Repurchase Documents, and shall conduct its business strictly in accordance with
applicable law;

     (iv) Keep adequate records and books of account,  in which complete entries
will be made in  accordance  with  GAAP  consistently  applied;  and

     (v) Permit  representatives of the Buyer, upon reasonable notice (unless an
Event of Default shall have occurred and is continuing,  in which case, no prior
notice shall be required),  during normal business  hours, to examine,  copy and
make extracts from its books and records, to inspect any of its Properties,  and
to  discuss  its  business  and  affairs  with its  officers,  all to the extent
reasonably  requested  by the  Buyer,  subject  to the  provisions  set forth in
Section 16 of the Repurchase Agreement and applicable law.

     (b) Taxes, Etc.

     (i) The  Guarantor  shall timely pay and  discharge or cause to be paid and
discharged,  when due all Taxes  imposed upon it and upon its income and profits
regarding income and profits of the Transaction  Assets,  and upon any of its or
their property,  real,  personal or mixed  (including  without  limitation,  the
Transaction Assets) or upon any part thereof, as well as any other lawful claims
which, if unpaid, might become a Lien upon such properties or any part thereof.

     (ii) The  Guarantor  shall file on a timely  basis all  federal,  state and
local tax and information returns,  reports and any other information statements
or  schedules  required  to be filed by or in  respect  of it and pay all Taxes,
except  for any  such  Taxes as are  appropriately  contested  in good  faith by
appropriate  proceedings diligently conducted and with respect to which adequate
reserves are provided.

     (iii) The Guarantor shall remain a REIT.

     (iv)  Newco  shall  remain a  disregarded  entity  treated as a part of the
Guarantor for federal income tax purposes.

     (v) To the best of its knowledge,  the Guarantor is fully eligible for, and
all payments under this Guarantee and the Repurchase  Agreement will be entitled
to,  the  benefits  of the  "Other  Income"  provision  of the income tax treaty
between the United  States and the United  Kingdom  with  respect to any payment
received  or to be  received  by

                                      -8-

<PAGE>

it in connection  with this Guarantee or the Repurchase  Agreement,  and no
such payments are attributable to a trade or business carried on by it through a
permanent establishment in the United Kingdom.

     (c) Notice of  Proceedings  or Adverse  Change.  The  Guarantor  shall give
notice to the Buyer immediately after a Responsible Officer of the Guarantor has
any knowledge of:

     (i) the occurrence of any Default or Event of Default;

     (ii) any litigation or proceeding that is pending or threatened against (a)
the Guarantor in which the amount involved exceeds $1,000,000 and is not covered
by insurance,  in which injunctive or similar relief is sought, or which,  would
reasonably be expected to have a Material  Adverse Effect and (b) any litigation
or  proceeding  that is  pending or  threatened  in  connection  with any of the
Transaction Assets, which, if adversely determined, would reasonably be expected
to have a Material Adverse Effect;


     (iii) with  thirty  days  advance  notice of any change in the  Guarantor's
name, principal office or place of business or jurisdiction; and

     (iv) as soon as  reasonably  possible,  notice  of any  material  change in
accounting policies or financial reporting practices of the Guarantor.

     (d) Illegal  Activities.  The Guarantor  shall not engage in any conduct or
activity that could subject its assets to forfeiture or seizure.

     (e) Transactions  with  Affiliates.  The Guarantor shall not enter into any
transaction,  including,  without  limitation,  the  purchase,  sale,  lease  or
exchange of property or assets or the rendering or accepting of any service with
any Affiliate,  unless such transaction is (a) not otherwise  prohibited in this
Guarantee  or any other  Repurchase  Document  and (b) upon fair and  reasonable
terms no less  favorable  to the  Guarantor,  as the case may be,  than it would
obtain in a comparable  arm's length  transaction  with a Person which is not an
Affiliate.

     (f) Investment  Company.  The Guarantor  shall not take any action to be or
become,  and shall use its best efforts to avoid being or becoming,  at any time
prior to the  payment  in full of the  Repurchase  Price  and any  other  amount
payable  under this  Guarantee  or any other  Repurchase  Document,  an open-end
investment  company,  unit investment trust,  closed-end  investment  company or
face-amount  certificate  company that is or is required to be registered  under
Section 8 of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

     (g) Delivery of  Information.  The Guarantor  shall provide all information
necessary  to enable  the  Sellers  to  comply  with its  obligations  under the
Repurchase Agreement, including, without limitation, financial statements of the
Guarantor.  The  Guarantor  shall notify Buyer the same day that any reports are
filed with the SEC and  deliver  the same to the Buyer  within two (2)  Business
Days following the filing thereof.

     (h) No Amendment.  The Guarantor shall not amend, modify, or terminate,  or
otherwise permit to be amended, modified or terminated,  any Repurchase Document
or any Brascan Loan

                                      -9-

<PAGE>

Document in contravention of the Intercreditor  Agreement without the prior
written consent of the Buyer.

     (i) ERISA Matters.

     (i) Promptly  upon becoming  aware of the  occurrence of any Event of ERISA
Termination which together with all other Events of ERISA Termination  occurring
within  the  prior 12  months  involve  a  payment  of  money by or a  potential
aggregate  liability  of the  Guarantor  or any ERISA  Affiliate  thereof or any
combination  of such entities in excess of $1,000,000  the Guarantor  shall give
the Buyer a written  notice  specifying  the  nature  thereof,  what  action the
Guarantor or any ERISA Affiliate  thereof has taken and, when known,  any action
taken or threatened by the Internal Revenue Service,  the Department of Labor or
the PBGC with respect thereto;

     (ii) Promptly  upon receipt  thereof,  the  Guarantor  shall furnish to the
Buyer copies of (i) all notices received by the Guarantor or any ERISA Affiliate
thereof  of the  PBGC's  intent  to  terminate  any  Plan or to  have a  trustee
appointed to administer any Plan; (ii) all notices  received by the Guarantor or
any ERISA Affiliate thereof from the sponsor of a Multiemployer Plan pursuant to
Section 4202 of ERISA  involving  withdrawal  liability in excess of $1,000,000;
and  (iii) all  funding  waiver  requests  filed by the  Guarantor  or any ERISA
Affiliate  thereof with the Internal  Revenue  Service with respect to any Plan,
the accrued  benefits of which exceed the present value of the plan assets as of
the date the waiver  request is filed,  and all  communications  received by the
Guarantor or any ERISA Affiliate  thereof from the Internal Revenue Service with
respect to any such funding waiver request.

     (iii) The Guarantor represents and covenants that as of the date hereof and
for so long as it is a party to this Agreement or any Transaction hereunder,  it
is not,  and it is not using the assets of, an employee  benefit plan subject to
Section 406 of ERISA, a plan subject to Section 4975 of the Code, a plan subject
to another law,  regulation or restriction  materially similar to Section 406 of
ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code,  or an entity the assets of which  constitute
assets of any such  plans by reason of  investment  by such  plans in the entity
(including for this purpose,  the general account of a life insurance  company),
because no class of equity interest in such Seller is held to the extent of 25 %
or  more  (as  measured  by  value)  by  one or  more  so-called  "benefit  plan
investors",  after  disregarding  the interests in the Guarantor held by certain
controlling  persons,  or  because  of  another  exception  set  forth  in U. S.
Department   of  Labor   Regulation   Section   2510.3-101   (the  "Plan  Assets
Regulation").  The parties  hereto agree that the foregoing  representation  and
covenant and the terms used therein shall be interpreted in a manner  consistent
with the Plan Assets Regulation.

     (j) Interest Rate  Protection  Agreement.  The  Guarantor  shall either (a)
purchase  an interest  rate cap from the Buyer or another  entity with a minimum
rating of at least A- by S&P and A3 by Moody's in a notional  amount equal to at
least 50% of the  outstanding  Purchase Price at a 4.5% one-month LIBOR or lower
strike price (an "Interest Rate  Protection  Agreement")  containing  such other
terms and conditions satisfactory to Buyer in its sole discretion or (b) execute
an interest rate swap agreement or such other derivative  acceptable to Buyer or
(c)

                                      -10-

<PAGE>

maintain  its  current  interest  rate cap with Royal  Bank of Canada  (the
"Current Interest Rate Cap");  provided however, in the event that the Guarantor
utilizes  the  Current  Interest  Rate Cap,  the  Guarantor  shall enter into an
extension  thereof at least three (3) months  prior to the  current  termination
date,  which  extension  shall  terminate no less than one year from the current
expiration date or on such earlier date as agreed to by the Buyer,  after taking
into account the anticipated closing date of the CDO.

     (k) Insurance.  The Guarantor shall continue to maintain insurance coverage
with respect to employee dishonesty, forgery or alteration, theft, disappearance
and  destruction,  robbery  and safe  burglary,  property  (other than money and
securities)  and  computer  fraud  in an  aggregate  amount  at  least  equal to
$5,000,000.  The  Guarantor  shall  maintain a  fidelity  bond in respect of its
officers,  employees  and agents,  with respect to any claims made in connection
with all or any portion of the  Transaction  Assets.  The Guarantor shall notify
the Buyer as soon as reasonably  possible of any material change in the terms of
any such fidelity bond or any other insurance policy, with a copy of evidence of
same attached.

     (l) Taxes.  The Guarantor agrees to be bound by the provisions of Section 7
of the  Repurchase  Agreement  with respect to any amounts paid by the Guarantor
thereunder.

     (m) Subordination.

     (i)  The  Guarantor  will  cause  each  instrument  evidencing  any  of the
Subordinated  Obligations  (as  defined in the  Intercreditor  Agreement)  to be
endorsed with the following legend:

     "THE OBLIGATIONS EVIDENCED BY THIS INSTRUMENT ARE SUBORDINATED TO THE PRIOR
PAYMENT IN FULL IN CASH AND IN IMMEDIATELY  AVAILABLE FUNDS OF ALL OF THE SENIOR
OBLIGATIONS (AS DEFINED IN THE INTERCREDITOR  AGREEMENT HEREINAFTER REFERRED TO)
AND THE TERMINATION OF THE TRANSACTION THEREUNDER PURSUANT TO, AND TO THE EXTENT
PROVIDED IN, THE INTERCREDITOR  AND SUBORDINATION  AGREEMENT DATED AS OF JANUARY
14, 2003 BY AND AMONG THE PAYEE NAMED  HEREIN AND THE SENIOR  TRANSACTION  PARTY
REFERRED  TO  THEREIN,  AS SUCH MAY BE  AMENDED  FROM  TIME TO  TIME."

     (ii) The Guarantor  will further mark its books of account in such a manner
as shall be effective to give proper  notice of the effect of the  Intercreditor
Agreement and will, in the case of any of the Subordinated Obligations which are
not evidenced by any instrument,  upon the request of the Buyer,  promptly cause
such  Subordinated  Obligations to be evidenced by an appropriate  instrument or
instruments endorsed with the legend set forth above. The Guarantor will, at its
sole expense and at any time and from time to time, promptly execute and deliver
all further assignments,  instruments and other documents,  and take all further
action,  that may be necessary or  desirable  and that the Buyer may  reasonably
request,  in order to protect any right or interest  granted or  purported to be
granted under the Intercreditor Agreement or to enable the Buyer to exercise and
enforce its rights and remedies hereunder  (including,  without limitation,  any
and all claims with respect to the Transaction  Assets or any other  collateral,
and any  liens

                                      -11-

<PAGE>

and security  interests  securing payment of the  Subordinated  Obligations
owing thereto or held thereby).

     (iii) The Guarantor  hereby  acknowledges  and agrees to the provisions set
forth in Section 3 of the Intercreditor Agreement.

     11. Events of Default.  Each of the following shall constitute an "Event of
Default" for all purposes hereunder and under the Repurchase Documents:

     (a) Representation and Warranty Breach. Any  representation,  warranty,  or
certification made or deemed made herein or in any other Repurchase  Document by
the  Guarantor  or any  certificate  furnished  to  the  Buyer  pursuant  to the
provisions  hereof or thereof or any information with respect to the Transaction
Assets furnished in writing by or on behalf of the Guarantor shall prove to have
been  untrue  or  misleading  in any  material  respect  as of the time  made or
furnished;

     (b) Immediate  Covenant  Default.  The failure of the Guarantor to perform,
comply  with or  observe  any term,  covenant  or  agreement  applicable  to the
Guarantor contained in any of Sections 10(a)(i) and (ii), (d), (f) or (i).

     (c)  Additional  Covenant  Defaults.  The Guarantor  shall fail to observe,
comply with or perform any other term,  covenant or agreement  contained in this
Guarantee  (and not  identified in Section 11(c) above) or any other  Repurchase
Document,  and if such default shall be capable of being remedied,  such failure
to  observe  or  perform  shall  continue  unremedied  for a period  of ten (10)
Business Days after (i) the  Guarantor  has actual  knowledge of such default or
(ii) the Buyer has notified the Guarantor of such default; or

     (d) ERISA.  (i) the Guarantor shall engage in any "prohibited  transaction"
(as defined in Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code)  involving  any
Plan, (ii) any  "accumulated  funding  deficiency" (as defined in Section 302 of
ERISA),  whether or not waived, shall exist with respect to any Plan or any Lien
in favor of the PBGC or a Plan  shall  arise on the assets of  Guarantor  or any
ERISA  Affiliate,  (iii) a  Reportable  Event  shall  occur with  respect to, or
proceedings  shall commence to have a trustee  appointed,  or a trustee shall be
appointed,  to administer or to terminate,  any Plan,  which Reportable Event or
commencement  of  proceedings  or appointment of a trustee is, in the reasonable
opinion  of the  Buyer,  likely to result  in the  termination  of such Plan for
purposes of Title IV of ERISA,  (iv) any Plan shall  terminate  for  purposes of
Title IV of  ERISA,  (v)  Guarantor  or any  ERISA  Affiliate  shall,  or in the
reasonable  opinion of the Buyer is likely to, incur any liability in connection
with a withdrawal from, or the insolvency or reorganization  of, a Multiemployer
Plan or (vi) any other event or condition shall occur or exist with respect to a
Plan;  and in each  case in  clauses  (i)  through  (vi)  above,  such  event or
condition,  together  with all other such events or  conditions,  if any,  could
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

     12. Notices. Except as otherwise expressly permitted by this Guarantee, all
notices,  requests  and other  communications  provided  for  herein  (including
without limitation any modifications of, or waivers, requests or consents under,
this Guarantee) shall be given or made in writing  (including without limitation
by  telecopy)  delivered  to the  intended  recipient  at the

                                      -12-

<PAGE>

address set forth  below);  or, as to any party,  at such other  address as
shall be  designated  by such  party in a written  notice to each  other  party.
Except as otherwise provided in this Guarantee, all such communications shall be
deemed to have been duly  given  when  transmitted  by  telecopy  or  personally
delivered or, in the case of a mailed notice,  upon receipt,  in each case given
or addressed as aforesaid.

                  Bear, Stearns International Limited
                  383 Madison Avenue
                  New York, New York 10179
                  Attn:  General Counsel
                  Fax:  212-272-4933

                  With a copy to:

                  Bear, Stearns International Limited
                  383 Madison Avenue
                  New York, New York 10179
                  Attn:  James J. Higgins, Senior Managing Director
                  Fax:  212-272-7047

                  CRIIMI MAE, Inc.
                  11200 Rockville Pike
                  Rockville, MD 20852
                  Attention: Cindy Azzara, Chief Financial Officer
                  Telecopier No.:  (301) 255-0620
                  Telephone No:  (301) 816-2300

     13.  Severability.  Any provision of this Guarantee  which is prohibited or
unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective
to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability  without  invalidating the
remaining provisions hereof, and any such prohibition or unenforceability in any
jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render  unenforceable such provision in any
other jurisdiction.

     14. Integration.  This Guarantee  represents the agreement of the Guarantor
with  respect  to the  subject  matter  hereof  and  there  are no  promises  or
representations  by the Buyer or the  Guarantor  relative to the subject  matter
hereof not reflected herein.

     15. Amendments in Writing; No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies.

     (a) None of the  terms  or  provisions  of this  Guarantee  may be  waived,
amended,  supplemented  or  otherwise  modified  except by a written  instrument
executed by the  Guarantor and the Buyer;  provided,  that any provision of this
Guarantee  may be waived by the Buyer in a letter or  agreement  executed by the
Buyer or by facsimile transmission from the Buyer.

     (b) The Buyer shall not by any act (except by a written instrument pursuant
to Section 15(a) hereof), delay, indulgence,  omission or otherwise be deemed to
have waived any right or remedy  hereunder or to have  acquiesced in any default
or Event of Default or in any breach of any of the terms and conditions  hereof.
No failure to exercise,  nor any delay in exercising,  on

                                      -13-

<PAGE>

the part of the  Buyer,  any  right,  power or  privilege  hereunder  shall
operate as a waiver thereof.  No single or partial exercise of any right,  power
or privilege  hereunder shall preclude any other or further  exercise thereof or
the exercise of any other right,  power or  privilege.  A waiver by the Buyer of
any right or remedy  hereunder on any one  occasion  shall not be construed as a
bar to any right or remedy  which the Buyer would  otherwise  have on any future
occasion.  The  rights and  remedies  herein  provided  are  cumulative,  may be
exercised  singly or  concurrently  and are not exclusive of any other rights or
remedies provided by law.

     16. Section  Headings.  The section headings used in this Guarantee are for
convenience of reference only and are not to affect the  construction  hereof or
be taken into consideration in the interpretation hereof.

     17.  Successors  and  Assigns.  This  Guarantee  shall be binding  upon the
successors  and assigns of the  Guarantor  and shall inure to the benefit of the
Buyer and its successors and assigns.

     18. Governing Law; Jurisdiction, Waiver of Jury Trial: Waiver of Damages.

     (a) This Guarantee shall be governed by and  interpreted  under the laws of
the State of New York without regard to the conflict-of-laws  principles thereof
(other than section  5-1401 of the General  Obligations  Law of the State of New
York).

     (b) The  Guarantor  hereby  submits to the  exclusive  jurisdiction  of the
courts of the State of New York  located  in the  Borough of  Manhattan  and the
United States  District  Court for the Southern  District of New York, New York.
The  Guarantor  waives in all  disputes  any  objection  that it may have to the
location of such court considering the dispute  including,  without  limitation,
any  objection  to the  laying  of venue or based on the  grounds  of forum  non
conveniens.  Any  proceeding  commenced by the Guarantor in connection  with the
transactions  contemplated  by this  Guarantee  shall be  brought  in one of the
courts of the State of New York located in the Borough of  Manhattan,  or in the
United  States  District  Court for the Southern  District of New York,  and the
Guarantor  waives any and all rights that it may have to commence any proceeding
in any other court.

     (c) The  Guarantor  hereby waives any right to have a jury  participate  in
resolving any dispute,  whether sounding in contract, tort, or otherwise arising
out of, connected with, related to or incidental to any relationship established
in connection with this agreement.  Instead, any disputes resolved in court will
be resolved in a bench trial without a jury.

     (d) Nothing  herein shall affect the right of the Buyer to serve process in
any other manner permitted by law or to commence legal  proceedings or otherwise
proceed  against the  Guarantor  in any other  jurisdiction.

     (e) The Guarantor waives the posting of any bond otherwise  required of the
Buyer in  connection  with any  judicial  process or  proceeding  to enforce any
judgment  or other  court  order  entered  in favor of Buyer,  or to  enforce by
specific  performance,  temporary  restraining order or preliminary or permanent
injunction this Guarantee or any of the other Repurchase Documents.

     19. Acknowledgments. Each of the Buyer and the Guarantor hereby acknowledge
that:

                                      -14-

<PAGE>

     (a)  Guarantor  and  Buyer  have  each  been  advised  by  counsel  in  the
negotiation,  execution and delivery of this Guarantee and the other  Repurchase
Documents to which it is a party;

     (b) the Buyer and Guarantor have no fiduciary  relationship with or duty to
one another  arising out of or in connection  with this  Guarantee or any of the
other Repurchase  Documents to which it is a party, and the relationship between
the Guarantor and the Sellers, on one hand, and the Buyer, on the other hand, in
connection herewith or therewith is solely that of debtor and creditor; and

     (c) no joint venture is created hereby or by the other Repurchase Documents
or otherwise exists by virtue of the transactions  contemplated hereby among the
Guarantor, the Sellers and the Buyer.

     20.  WAIVER  OF  JURY  TRIAL.   THE  GUARANTOR   HEREBY   IRREVOCABLY   AND
UNCONDITIONALLY  WAIVES TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL ACTION OR PROCEEDING RELATING
TO THIS  GUARANTEE OR ANY OTHER  REPURCHASE  DOCUMENT  AND FOR ANY  COUNTERCLAIM
THEREIN.

                  [REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]









                                      -15-

<PAGE>


     IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  the  undersigned has caused this Guarantee to be duly
executed  and  delivered by its duly  authorized  officer as of the day and year
first above written.


                                      CRIIMI MAE, INC.


                                      /s/David B. Iannarone
                                      ------------------------------------
                                      Name:  David B. Iannarone
                                      Title:  Executive Vice President



Agreed and acknowledged:




BEAR, STEARNS INTERNATIONAL LIMITED



/s/Paul M. Friedman
---------------------------------------
Name:  Paul M. Friedman
Title:  Senior Managing Director



<PAGE>


                                   EXHIBIT A

                               GUARANTOR'S LETTER








                                      -17-


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
