<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>exh10e.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10E
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10e

                             STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT

     STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT made as of the 22nd day of January, 2002 (the "Grant
Date"),  between Rollins,  Inc., a Delaware corporation  (hereinafter called the
"Company"),  and Gary W.  Rollins,  an employee of the Company or one or more of
its subsidiaries (hereinafter called the "Employee").

     WHEREAS,  the  Company  desires to afford the  Employee an  opportunity  to
purchase  shares of its Common  Stock,  par value  $1.00 per share  (hereinafter
called  the  "Common  Stock"),  pursuant  to the  terms  and  provisions  of the
Company's 1998 Employee Stock Incentive Plan (hereinafter called the "Plan"), as
hereinafter provided.

     NOW,  THEREFORE,  in consideration of the mutual covenants  hereinafter set
forth and  Employee's  employment  by the Company,  the parties  hereto agree as
follows:

     1. THE PLAN.  This Option  Agreement is made  pursuant to and in accordance
with the terms and provisions of the Plan.  Anything in this Option Agreement to
the contrary notwithstanding, the terms and provisions of the Plan, all of which
are hereby incorporated  herein by reference,  shall be controlling in the event
of any inconsistency herewith.

     2. GRANT OF OPTION.  The Company hereby  irrevocably grants to the Employee
the right and option (hereinafter  called the "Option"),  to purchase all or any
part of an aggregate of 200,000 shares of Common Stock (subject to adjustment as
provided in Paragraph 8 hereof),  on the terms and  conditions  hereinafter  set
forth.

     3. PURCHASE PRICE. The purchase price of the shares of Common Stock covered
by 174,000  shares of  Non-qualified  Stock  Options  shall be $19.15 per share,
which  amounts are at least 100% of fair market value of such shares at the date
hereof, determined in accordance with the Plan, and the 26,000 regular Incentive
Stock  Options  shall be $21.065 (or 110% of fair market value of such shares at
the date  hereof,  as  Employee  owns more than 10% of the  voting  stock of the
Company).

     4.  VESTING.  On the date of grant,  January 22, 2002,  the options  became
exercisable as follows:

Incentive Stock Options at $21.065
----------------------------------
         With respect to 5,200 shares, on or after January 22, 2002;
         With respect to 5,200 shares, on or after January 22, 2003;
         With respect to 5,200 shares, on or after January 22, 2004;
         With respect to 5,200 shares, on or after January 22, 2005; and
         With respect to 5,200 shares, on or after January 22, 2006.


Non-qualified Stock Options at $19.15
-------------------------------------
         With respect to 34,800 shares, on or after January 22, 2002;
         With respect to 34,800 shares, on or after January 22, 2003;
         With respect to 34,800 shares, on or after January 22, 2004;
         With respect to 34,800 shares, on or after January 22, 2005; and
         With respect to 34,800 shares, on or after January 22, 2006.
<PAGE>
     5. TERM OF OPTION. To the extent vested pursuant to Section 4, each portion
of the Option shall remain exercisable  through the period ending five (5) years
after the date of grant, subject to earlier termination as provided in Section 8
hereof.

     6.  ADMINISTRATION.  Unless  administration  of the Plan is  assumed by the
Board of Directors of the Company, the Plan shall be administered by a committee
of the  Board  of  Directors  of the  Company,  hereinafter  referred  to as the
"Committee".  The  Committee  is  authorized  and  empowered to  administer  and
interpret the Plan and this Option Agreement. Any interpretations of this Option
Agreement or of the Plan made by the  Committee  shall be final and binding upon
the parties hereto.

     7. NON-TRANSFERABILITY. The Option shall not be assignable nor transferable
except  by will or by the laws of  descent  and  distribution  and  shall not be
subject to execution,  attachment or other  process.  Except as set forth in the
Plan, during the lifetime of the Employee,  the Option shall be exercisable only
by the Employee.  After the death of the  Employee,  the Option may be exercised
prior to its  termination as set forth in Section 8(b) hereof.  Employee  hereby
agrees to retain ownership of, and to refrain from  transferring,  all shares of
Common Stock obtained upon exercise of the Option for a period of one year after
the date on which such Common Stock is obtained  pursuant to the exercise of the
Option;  provided,  however,  that such one year transfer  restriction  shall be
rescinded and shall no longer have any applicability following Employee's death,
Normal  Retirement  (as  defined  in  the  Plan)  or  permanent  disability  (as
determined by the Committee in  accordance  with the Plan).  The Company may, at
its discretion,  place a legend to such effect on the certificates  representing
the  shares of Common  Stock  obtained  upon  exercise  of the  option and issue
appropriate stop transfer instructions to the Company's transfer agent.

     8.  TERMINATION.  The Option may not be exercised  by the  Employee  unless
he/she, at the time of the exercise, shall have been in the continuous employ of
the Company or a  subsidiary  thereof,  in a position of  equivalent  or greater
responsibility as on the Grant Date, except as follows:

     (a) If,  prior  to the  expiration  of the  Option,  Employee's  employment
terminates by reason of permanent  disability (as determined by the Committee in
accordance with the Plan),  Employee or his/her guardian may exercise the Option
through the earlier of (i) such date of  expiration,  or (ii) one year after the
date of termination of employment, to the extent that the Option was exercisable
at the date of termination of employment.

     (b) If  Employee  dies while in the employ of the  Company or a  subsidiary
without having fully exercised the Option,  the Option may be exercised prior to
its expiration and within six (6) months of the date of death, to the extent the
Option was exercisable at the date of death,
<PAGE>
by the legal  representative of the
estate or by the legatee of the Employee under the Employee's will.

     (c) If,  prior  to the  expiration  of the  Option,  Employee's  employment
terminates  by reason of Normal or Early  Retirement  (as  defined in the Plan),
Employee  may  exercise  the  Option  through  the  earlier  of (i) such date of
expiration, or (ii) one day less than three months after the Retirement date, to
the extent the Option was exercisable at such Retirement date.

     The  termination  of  employment  of an Employee  for any reason  shall not
accelerate  or  otherwise  affect the number of shares with respect to which the
Option may be exercised.

     9. CHANGE IN CAPITALIZATION.  In general,  if the Company is merged into or
consolidated with another  corporation under  circumstances in which the Company
is not the surviving corporation,  or if the Company is liquidated,  or sells or
otherwise  disposes of  substantially  all of its assets to another  corporation
(any  such  merger,  consolidation,  etc.  being  hereinafter  referred  to as a
"Non-Acquiring  Transaction")  while the Option is  outstanding  under the Plan,
after  the  effective  date of a  Non-Acquiring  Transaction  Employee  shall be
entitled, upon exercise of the Option, to receive such stock or other securities
as the holders of the same class of stock as those shares  subject to the Option
shall be entitled to receive in such  Non-Acquiring  Transaction  based upon the
agreed  upon  conversion  ratio  or  per  share  distribution.  However,  in the
discretion of the Board of Directors,  any limitations on  exercisability of the
Option  may be waived  so that the  Option,  from and after a date  prior to the
effective date of such Non-Acquiring Transaction,  shall be exercisable in full.
Furthermore,  in the discretion of the Board of Directors, the right to exercise
may be given to Employee during a 30-day period  preceding the effective date of
such  Non-Acquiring  Transaction.  If the Option is not  exercised  within  such
30-day  period it may be cancelled by the Board of Directors as of the effective
date of any such  Non-Acquiring  Transaction.  To the extent that the  foregoing
adjustments relate to stock or securities of the Company, such adjustments shall
be made by the Board of Directors,  whose determination in that respect shall be
final,  binding and  conclusive.  The Committee  need not treat other  optionees
and/or options in the same manner as Employee and the Option are treated.  In no
case shall the Company be required to sell a fractional  share of Common  Stock,
and the total adjustment as set forth above shall be limited accordingly.

     10. METHOD OF EXERCISING THE OPTION.  Subject to the vesting  provisions of
Section 4 hereof,  the  Employee  may  exercise the Option in full or in part by
written  notice to the  Company,  delivered  in person to the  Treasurer  of the
Company  or  mailed,  by  registered  mail,  return  receipt  requested,  to the
Company's  principal office at Atlanta,  Georgia,  attention of the Treasurer of
the Company; provided, however, that if exercised in part, the Option may not be
exercised for fewer than 100 shares,  unless the remaining balance of the Option
is less than 100  shares,  in which  case the Option  may be  exercised  for the
remaining  balance.  The written notice shall state the Employee's  intention to
exercise  the  Option  and the  number of shares in respect to which it is being
exercised  and  shall  be  signed  by the  Employee  or a  legatee  or  personal
representative of the Employee, as applicable.  Such notice shall be accompanied
by payment of the full purchase price of the shares,  and instructions  shall be
given as to the  address to which the stock  certificates  shall be mailed.  The
purchase  price for the shares as to which the Option  shall
<PAGE>

be exercised from time to time shall be paid in full in cash and/or unrestricted
shares of Common  Stock  already  owned by the optionee for a period of at least
six months,  based,  in each case,  on the Fair Market  Value (as defined in the
Plan) of the  shares  on the date the  Option is  exercised,  unless it shall be
determined by the Committee, at any time hereafter, in its sole discretion, that
unrestricted  shares of Common Stock are not a permissible  form of payment with
respect to the Option.  No shares may be purchased if the Employee is not at the
time of  exercise  in the  employ of the  Company,  or a  subsidiary,  except as
provided in Section 8.

     11.  REQUIREMENT  OF LAW.  If any law,  regulation  of the  Securities  and
Exchange Commission,  or any regulation of any other commission or agency having
jurisdiction  shall  require the Company or the Employee to take any action with
respect to the shares of Common  Stock  acquired by the  exercise of the Option,
then the date upon which the Company  shall deliver or cause to be delivered the
certificate  or  certificates  for the shares of Common Stock shall be postponed
until  full  compliance  has been  made  with all  such  requirements  or law or
regulations.  Further,  at or before the time of the delivery of the shares with
respect to which  exercise of the Option has been made, the Employee  shall,  if
requested by the Company,  deliver to the Company his/her written statement that
he/she  intends to hold the shares so  acquired by him on exercise of the Option
for  investment and not with a view to resale or other  distribution  thereof to
the  public.  Further,  in the  event  the  Company  shall  determine  that,  in
compliance  with the  Securities  Act of 1933, as amended,  or other  applicable
statute or  regulation,  it is necessary to register any of the shares of Common
Stock with  respect  to which an  exercise  of the  Option has been made,  or to
qualify  any such  shares  for  exemption  from any of the  requirements  of the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended,  or other applicable statute or regulations,
then the Company  shall take such action at its own expense,  but not until such
action has been completed shall the Option shares be delivered to the Employee.

     12. NO EFFECT ON  EMPLOYMENT.  Nothing  herein  shall be construed to grant
Employee  the  right  to  continued  employment  with the  Company,  to limit or
restrict  the right of the Company or any of its  subsidiaries  to  terminate an
Employee's  employment  at any time,  with or without  cause,  or to increase or
decrease the compensation of the Employee from the rate in existence at the date
hereof.

     13.  INCENTIVE STOCK OPTION.  Portions of the Option granted  hereunder may
have been designated as an "Incentive  Stock Option"  pursuant to Section 422 of
the Code (as defined in the Plan);  provided,  however,  that to the extent that
the Option fails for any reason to comply with the provisions of Section 422, it
shall be treated as a Non-Qualified  Stock Option (as defined in the Plan).  The
Company  shall have no liability  whatsoever to Employee in the event the Option
fails for any reason to satisfy the requirements for Incentive Stock Options set
forth in Section 422.

     14.  GOVERNING  LAW.  This  Agreement and all awards made and actions taken
hereunder  shall be governed by and  construed in  accordance  with the Delaware
General  Corporation Law, to the extent  applicable,  and in accordance with the
laws of the State of Georgia in all other respects.
<PAGE>
     IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  the Company has caused this Stock Option Agreement to
be duly  executed by an  authorized  officer,  and the Employee has hereunto set
his/her hand and seal, all as of the day and year first above written.



                                        ROLLINS, INC.


                                        By:/s/ Harry J. Cynkus
                                        ----------------------------
                                        Its:  Chief Financial Officer



                                        /s/Gary W. Rollins
                                        ----------------------------
                                        Employee





</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
