<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d02599exv10w1.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.1 LICENSE AGREEMENT WITH ADDENDUM NO. 1
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                    EXHIBIT 10.1



                                LICENSE AGREEMENT

This LICENSE AGREEMENT ("Agreement") is entered into as of the ~ day of
November, 2000 (the "Effective Date") by and between H&R Block Tax Services,
Inc., a Missouri corporation, with a principal place of business at 4400 Main
Street, Kansas City, Missouri 64111 ("Block") and ACE Cash Express, Inc., a
Texas corporation, with a principal place of business at 1231 Greenway Drive,
Suite 800, Irving, Texas 75038 ("ACE"). Block and ACE are collectively referred
to in this Agreement as the "Parties".

                                    RECITALS

WHEREAS, the Parties desire a relationship that allows ACE to use during the Tax
Season (that period from the first Monday after January 1 through May 31 of each
year during this Agreement) the premises of certain of Block's business
locations for the installation and operation of ACE's Self-Service Machines
(hereinafter "SSMs"), such machines designed to facilitate automated check
cashing transactions;

NOW, THEREFORE, for and in consideration of the mutual promises and covenants
contained herein, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged,
the Parties agree as follows:

1.       GRANT OF LICENSE

         Block grants to ACE a license to use, during the term of and on the
         conditions set forth in this Agreement, the area of space needed to
         install and operate during the Tax Season an SSM in and on the premises
         of no fewer than fifty (50) of Block's locations; such locations are
         identified in Exhibit A hereto ("Exhibit A"). Such license is limited
         to the use of SSMs by Block's customers. ACE shall not advertise in a
         manner that would attract SSM users who are not customers of Block. The
         Parties recognize that they may, from time to time, desire to add more
         locations. If Block and ACE mutually agree to add more locations, then
         Exhibit A will be amended accordingly.

2.       EXCLUSIVITY

         Block covenants that during the term of this Agreement and within the
         United States of America it shall not operate SSMs on its premises on
         its own or through others; provided, however, if Block notifies ACE of
         a proposed arrangement with any other check casher, automated business
         or self-service operator to operate SSMs on Block's premises, Block may
         proceed with such arrangement unless ACE enters into a substantially
         similar arrangement with Block within sixty (60) days of such notice.

3.       TRADE NAMES AND TRADEMARKS

         A Party may use the name or logo of the other Party and the trademarks
         associated with that name as necessary or reasonably appropriate in
         conjunction with the operation and advertisement of SSM's in Block's
         locations; provided, however, that any such use is subject to the prior
         written approval of such other Party. The Parties acknowledge that





                                       1
<PAGE>

         their right to use such names and Marks is derived solely from this
         Agreement and shall cease upon termination of this Agreement.

4.       INDEMNIFICATION

         A.       ACE shall bear the risk of loss in the event any SSM is
                  damaged or pilfered for any reason. During and after the term
                  of this Agreement, ACE shall protect, indemnify, and keep
                  Block harmless from and against any expense (including
                  reasonable attorney's fees) and damage to persons or property
                  caused or alleged to have been caused by its agents,
                  employees, guests, customers or any other persons in
                  connection with the installation, operation and removal of the
                  SSM in use on the licensed premises and any theft or attempted
                  theft relating to such SSMs; provided, however, that ACE shall
                  not be responsible for any revenues lost by Block as the
                  result of such events.

         B.       During and after the term of this Agreement, Block shall
                  protect, indemnify, and keep ACE harmless from and against any
                  expense (including reasonable attorney's fees) and damage to
                  persons or property caused or alleged to have been caused by
                  its agents, employees, guests, customers or any other persons
                  in connection with the use of Block's sales and services
                  (other than the SSM) in, on or from the premises; provided,
                  however, that Block shall not be responsible for any revenues
                  lost by ACE as the result of such events.

5.       TERM

         Unless earlier terminated as provided in Section 6 hereof, this
         Agreement shall be for a term beginning on the date hereof and ending
         July 1, 2003, and shall then automatically renew from year to year
         thereafter for renewal periods of one (1) year each provided that
         either Party may terminate this Agreement at the end of the initial or
         any renewal term by giving at least sixty (60) days' notice prior to
         the commencement of any renewal term.

6.       TERMINATION

         A Party may terminate this Agreement upon giving to the other Party
         thirty (30) days' notice and opportunity to cure in the event of a
         breach of this Agreement by such other Party. A Party may immediately
         terminate this Agreement upon notice of one of the following causes:

                  (i)      the other Party makes a general assignment of all or
                           substantially all of its assets for the benefit of
                           creditors; or

                  (ii)     the other party applies for, consents to or
                           acquiesces in the appointment of a receiver, trustee,
                           custodian or liquidator for its business or all or
                           substantially all of its assets including a
                           receivership or custody relationship imposed by a
                           governmental or quasi-governmental regulatory
                           authority; or





                                       2
<PAGE>

                  (iii)    the other Party files a voluntary petition for relief
                           under the United States Bankruptcy Code or other
                           bankruptcy or insolvency laws; or

                  (iv)     an involuntary bankruptcy or insolvency petition
                           filed against the other Party is not dismissed within
                           ninety (90) days.

7.       FEES

         For each person who cashes a check at an SSM in use on Block's
         premises, ACE shall charge a fee of * of the face value of such check.
         In no event will the fee ACE charges per check exceed *. Block shall
         receive within thirty (30) days after the end of each month of the Tax
         Season *. At the conclusion of each Tax Season, ACE shall provide, to
         Block, a final statement reporting the number of checks transacted and
         the total fees received therefrom. Block may, at its expense, audit the
         books and records of ACE to verify such fees. If such audit reveals a
         variance of more than five percent (5%) in favor of ACE, ACE shall pay
         the reasonable cost of such audit.

8.       OBLIGATIONS

         A.       ACE at its sole expense:

                  (i)      will be responsible for the delivery and installation
                           of the SSM at the premises and any licenses or
                           certificates that may be required in connection with
                           such installation.

                  (ii)     will be responsible for maintaining and servicing the
                           SSM.

                  (iii)    will be responsible for providing the cash inventory.

                  (iv)     will be responsible for providing the armored
                           vehicles required for delivery and removal of cash
                           from the SSM.

                  (v)      will be responsible for installing and maintaining
                           the necessary electrical and communication lines to
                           operate the SSM.

                  (vi)     at the conclusion of each Tax Season, will be
                           responsible for the removal of the SSM and
                           restoration of any damage or alteration of the
                           premises caused by such removal.

                  (vii)    will comply with all federal and state laws
                           applicable to the business of operating SSMs,
                           including, but not limited to, laws regulating the
                           privacy of consumer information.

         B.       Licensor:


--------
* Confidential treatment has been requested for certain portions of this
document pursuant to an application for confidential treatment sent to the
Securities and Exchange Commission. Such portions are omitted from this filing
and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.




                                       3
<PAGE>

                  (i)      will provide access to the SSM during its normal
                           business hours during the Tax Season.

                  (ii)     will provide ACE with a list of certain store
                           locations at least ninety (90) days prior to the
                           commencement date of each tax season, and will
                           include with such list each store's total number of
                           checks and dollar volume of checks issued for the
                           prior year. Exhibit "A" Locations will be created
                           from the data on that list.

         C.       Parties:

                  (i)      Information Systems personnel of both Block and ACE
                           shall work to facilitate the validation of certain
                           check information in order to reduce risk on the
                           transaction. ACE shall use check information solely
                           in connection with the cashing of checks for Block's
                           customers and not for any other purpose.

                  (ii)     Both Block and ACE shall examine the data contained
                           in the list described in Section 8B(ii) herein, and
                           work together to select mutually beneficial locations
                           for placement of the SSMs.

9.       NO WAIVER

         No failure or delay by either Party in exercising any term or provision
         of this Agreement shall be deemed waived and no breach excused, unless
         such waiver or consent shall be in writing and signed by the Party
         claimed to have waived or consented. Any consent by any Party to, or
         waiver of, a breach by the other shall not constitute a consent to,
         waiver of, or excuse of any other or subsequent breach.

10.      FORCE MAJEURE

         Neither Party shall be liable for delays in the performance of any of
         its obligations hereunder due to causes beyond reasonable control,
         which shall include, but not be limited to, acts of God, strikes and
         inability to obtain labor, services or materials on time, or energy or
         fuel crises.

11.      ASSIGNMENT

         This Agreement and the license granted herein are not assignable by
         either Party without the prior written consent of the other Party. This
         Agreement shall be binding upon the Parties' respective successors and
         assigns.

12.      NO STRICT CONSTRUCTION

         The language contained herein shall be deemed to be that approved by
         all Parties hereto and no rule of strict construction shall be applied
         against any Party hereto.






                                       4
<PAGE>

13.      FURTHER ASSURANCES

         Each Party hereto agrees to do all acts and things and to make, execute
         and deliver such written documents as shall from time to time be
         reasonably required to carry out the terms and provisions of this
         Agreement.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the
date and year first above written.

<Table>
<S>                                                  <C>
H&R BLOCK TAX SERVICES, INC.                         ACE CASH EXPRESS, INC.
A Missouri corporation                               A Texas corporation



By:  /s/ Patrick D. Petrie                           By:  /s/ Brent Turner
     -------------------------------                      ---------------------------------------

Name:  Patrick D. Petrie                             Brent Turner
     -------------------------------                 Assistant Vice President
                                                     Self Service Business
Title:  Vice President--Retail Operations
</Table>




                                       5


<PAGE>

                              ADDENDUM NO. 1 TO THE

                    LICENSE AGREEMENT DATED NOVEMBER 22, 2000

This Addendum No. 1 ("Addendum") is made and entered into as of May 31, 2001, by
and among ACE Cash Express, Inc., a Texas corporation ("ACE") and H&R Block Tax
Services, Inc., a Missouri corporation ("Block") individually referred to as
"Party" and collectively referred to as "Parties."

                                    RECITALS

WHEREAS, the Parties entered into that certain License Agreement dated the 22nd
day of November 2000, for the placement of ACE's Self-Service Machines ("SSMs")
in no fewer than fifty (50) of Block's business location premises ("locations"),
during that period of time from the first Monday after January 1 through May 31
of each year ("Tax Season") for the purpose of facilitating automated check
cashing transactions (the "Agreement"):

WHEREAS, the Parties desire to amend that Agreement as follows:

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing recitals and the mutual
covenants herein set forth, and the acknowledgment of good and valuable
consideration the receipt and sufficiency is hereby acknowledged, and intending
to be legally bound, the Parties hereto agree as follows:

The following Provision 1. Grant of License to the Agreement is replaced as of
the date of this addendum with the following:

         "Block grants to ACE a license to use, during the term of and on the
         conditions set forth in this Agreement, the area of space needed to
         install and operate during the Tax Season an SSM in and on the premises
         of Block's locations as mutually agreed to according to the following
         schedule:

         o        No less than * locations in Tax Season 2002

         o        No less than * locations in Tax Season 2003

         o        No less than * locations in Tax Season *

         Such locations are identified in Amended Exhibit A No. 1 hereto
         ("Amended Exhibit A No.1"). Such license is limited to the use of SSMs
         by Block's customers. ACE shall not advertise in a manner that would
         attract SSM users who are not customers of Block. The parties recognize
         that they may, from time to time, desire to add more locations. If
         Block and ACE mutually agree to add more locations, then Amended
         Exhibit A No.1 will be amended accordingly.

         Should ACE not be able to meet the schedule of minimum machine
         installations each year as indicated in this provision, Block shall
         have the right to engage other




--------
* Confidential treatment has been requested for certain portions of this
document pursuant to an application for confidential treatment sent to the
Securities and Exchange Commission. Such portions are omitted from this filing
and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.




<PAGE>

         service providers to provide a similar service in locations in which
         ACE has not installed an SSM, *.

         Should Block not be able to meet the schedule of minimum machine
         installations each year as indicated in this provision, ACE shall have
         the right to enter into similar agreements with other either tax
         preparation or electronic filing service providers to provide a similar
         service.

         In the event that either party cannot meet the schedule of minimum
         machine installations each year, the event will not be construed as a
         breach of this agreement."

The following Provision 2. Exclusivity to the Agreement is replaced as of the
date of the addendum with the following:

         *

         ACE agrees that during the term of this Agreement and within the United
         States of America that it shall not operate SSMs, including SSMs
         designed for a "checkless" product, in the retail locations of any
         other provider of either tax preparation or electronic filing
         services."

The following is hereby added as of the date of the addendum as subsection C to
Provision 4. Indemnification:

                  "Each Party hereby releases and waives all claims, rights of
recovery and causes of action against the other party, its officers, directors,
employees, agents or invitees in connection with any loss, including, but not
limited to, any injuries, death and property damage to the extent any such
losses may be covered by the proceeds of insurance. Moreover, Block and ACE
shall be relieved of their respective obligations of indemnity to the extent of
the amount actually recovered by Block or ACE from one or more of the insurance
carriers of Block or ACE. The indemnities and releases set forth in this
Agreement shall survive the expiration of the term of this Agreement."

The following Provision 5. Term to the Agreement is replaced as of the date of
the addendum with the following:

         "Unless earlier terminated as provided in Section 6 hereof, this
         Agreement shall be for a term beginning on the date hereof and ending
         *, and shall then automatically renew from year to year thereafter for
         renewal periods of one (1) year each provided that either Party may
         terminate this Agreement at the end of the initial or any renewal term
         by giving at least sixty (60) days' notice prior to the commencement of
         any renewal term."




----------
* Confidential treatment has been requested for certain portions of this
document pursuant to an application for confidential treatment sent to the
Securities and Exchange Commission. Such portions are omitted from this filing
and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.




                                      -2-
<PAGE>

The following Provision 7. Fees to the Agreement is replaced as of the date of
this addendum with the following:

         "For each person who cashes a check at an SSM in use on Block's
         premises, ACE shall charge a fee (the "Fee") not to exceed * of the
         face value of such check. In no event will the Fee exceed *. Any
         rounding of the Fee shall be adjusted in favor of the customer. * ACE
         will use its best efforts in order to achieve competitive price
         leadership in each of the markets where the SSM locations are placed in
         the markets of Block's competitors, but in no circumstance will ACE be
         required to charge * of the face value of the check. Block shall
         receive within thirty (30) days after the end of the Tax Season, *.
         Within such thirty day period, Ace will provide to Block, a reporting
         to date of the number of checks transacted, volume cashed, bad debt and
         the total fees received. Block may, at its expense, audit the books and
         records of ACE to verify such fees. If such audit reveals a variance of
         more than five percent (5%) in favor of ACE, ACE shall pay the
         reasonable cost of such audit."

The following is hereby added to the Agreement, Provision 8. subsection C
Parties effective as of the date of this addendum:

         "(iii) ACE and Block will share * losses incurred arising out of
         stolen, lost or forged checks cashed at any SSM, provided the following
         control procedures are implemented.

         a) Block shall use reasonable efforts to ask all clients in offices
         containing an SSM or in offices referring clients to an office with an
         SSM the primary taxpayers * (or similar question), and submit this data
         to ACE in the same manner in which data is transmitted to ACE under the
         section 8. Obligations, C. Parties -subsection (i).

         b) Block shall use reasonable efforts to implement and document dual
         control (pertaining to the process where whomever dispenses a check to
         a customer, must write their initials on the check as well as having
         another Block employee, authorized to dispense checks, write their
         initials on the check) over the issuance of checks in offices
         containing an SSM or in offices referring clients to an office with an
         SSM.

         c) Block and ACE jointly implement an authorization code system for SSM
         activation by clients.

         Either party reserves the right to temporarily turn-off any machine in
         the event that losses are deemed to be occurring. Both parties agree to
         use reasonable efforts in resolving the reason for such losses which
         would allow for the machine to be turned back on."




----------

* Confidential treatment has been requested for certain portions of this
document pursuant to an application for confidential treatment sent to the
Securities and Exchange Commission. Such portions are omitted from this filing
and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.





                                      -3-
<PAGE>

         The following replaces subsection B of Provision 8. entitled
         Obligations: Licensor, effective as of the date of this addendum:

         "(i) will provide access to the SSM during normal business hours during
         the Tax Season. Additionally, Block will use reasonable efforts to make
         the location of the SSM, within the Block office, highly visible to the
         consumer in the lobby area."

         "(ii) will work with ACE to agree upon a list of locations no later
         than each May 31st for installations related to the following Tax
         Season, excluding May 31, 2001."

         "(iii) will provide access to each location beginning the first
         business day of August for installations to be completed for the coming
         tax season"

         "(iv) will allow ACE to leave the SSM during the term of this agreement
         in any or all of Block's offices where SSM's are installed."

The following is hereby added to Provision 11. Assignment, effective as of the
date of this addendum:

         "Such assignment shall not be unreasonably withheld. Block's refusal to
         approve an assignment to an entity which on its own or through others
         competes with Block's tax preparation and electronic filing business
         shall be deemed to be unreasonable."

The following is added as a Provision 14. Mutual Non Disclosure to the Agreement
effective as of this addendum:

         "14. Mutual Non Disclosure

         Each party agrees to keep confidential any information given to the
         other party relating to the subject matter of this Agreement and any
         Addendum or Amendments thereto, or any information exchanged concerning
         the business of either party ("Confidential Information"). Such
         Confidential Information, whether oral or written, in whatever form
         provided shall remain the property of the party disclosing such
         Confidential Information, and each party shall keep confidential and
         restrict disclosure of the Confidential Information solely to legal
         counsel and need-to-know representatives/employees of the receiving
         party ("authorized disclosure"). The receiving party shall have no
         obligation to preserve the confidentiality of any Confidential
         Information which: (i) was previously known to the receiving party free
         of any obligation to keep it confidential; or (ii) is or becomes
         publicly available, by other than unauthorized disclosure; or (iii) is
         received by the receiving party from a third party who is rightfully in
         possession of such Confidential Information and has no legal obligation
         to keep it confidential; or (iv) is the subject of any legal proceeding
         to compel disclosure of such Confidential Information, provided the
         receiving party promptly notifies the





                                      -4-
<PAGE>

         disclosing party of the receipt of notice of such legal proceeding and
         affords the disclosing party the opportunity to contest it. Nothing
         contained in the Agreement or this Addendum No.1 shall be construed as
         granting or conferring any rights by license or otherwise in any
         Confidential Information disclosed."

The following is added as a Provision 15. Joint Marketing Agreement to the
Agreement effective as of this addendum:

         "15. Joint Marketing Agreement:

         Each party will use its best efforts to enter into a mutually agreeable
         joint marketing arrangement for the purpose of promoting and developing
         their respective check cashing (ACE) and tax preparation (Block)
         services throughout the United States each year this Agreement remains
         in effect."

The following is added as a Provision 16. Press Releases to the Agreement
effective as of this addendum:

         "16. Press Releases:

         "Should either party desire to issue a press release subsequent to the
         execution of this addendum regarding the terms and conditions included
         herein, the other party has the right to approve the content of such
         press release prior to issuance. Such approval shall not be
         unreasonably withheld."

The following is added as a Provision 17. Limitation of Liability. IN NO EVENT
SHALL ACE BE LIABLE FOR ANY EXEMPLARY, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES TO BLOCK INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY PAYMENT FOR LOST BUSINESS,
FUTURE PROFITS, LOSS OF GOODWILL, FEE REVENUE, REIMBURSEMENT FOR EXPENDITURES OR
INVESTMENTS MADE OR COMMITMENTS ENTERED INTO, CREATION OF CLIENTELE, OVERHEAD OR
FACILITIES INCURRED OR ACQUIRED BASED UPON THE BUSINESS DERIVED OR ANTICIPATED
UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WHETHER FORESEEABLE OR NOT, FOR ANY SSM THAT BECOMES OR IS
RENDERED INOPERABLE OR IF SUCH EQUIPMENT OTHERWISE MALFUNCTIONS.

This Addendum No. 1 shall expire or terminate concurrently with the Agreement,
as extended hereby.

Except to the extent expressly provided in this Addendum, the terms and
conditions of the Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. This Addendum
including Amended Exhibit A No. 1 and the Agreement constitute and contain the
entire agreement of the Parties hereto and supersede any and all prior
agreements, negotiations, correspondence, understandings and communications
between the Parties, whether written or oral, respecting the subject matter.






                                      -5-
<PAGE>


H&R Block Tax Services, Inc.              ACE Cash Express, Inc.
a Missouri corporation                    a Texas corporation


By: /s/ Patrick D. Petrie                 By: /s/ Brent Turner
    -----------------------                   ----------------------------
Name: Patrick D. Petrie                   Name: Brent Turner
      ---------------------               Its: Assistant Vice President/
Its: VP Finance and Admin.                Self Service Business
     ----------------------               Date: 6/01/2001
Date: 5/31/01                                   --------------------------
      ---------------------






                                      -6-

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
