<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.23
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>ex1023.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.23 TO 2002 10-K
<TEXT>
                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.23


                              SILGAN HOLDINGS INC.

                  2002 NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTORS STOCK OPTION PLAN



I.  PURPOSE OF PLAN; DEFINITIONS.

1.1    Purpose.

     The purpose of the Silgan Holdings Inc. 2002  Non-Employee  Directors Stock
Option Plan (the  "Plan") is to  strengthen  Silgan  Holdings  Inc.,  a Delaware
corporation  (the  "Company"),  by providing an additional  means of attracting,
retaining and compensating  highly qualified  individuals for service as members
of the  Board  of  Directors  of the  Company.  The  Plan  enables  non-employee
directors to increase their  ownership of the Company's  common stock,  allowing
them to have a greater personal  financial stake in the Company and underscoring
their common interest with stockholders in increasing the value of the Company's
common stock in the long term.

1.2    Definitions.

     For  purposes  of this  Plan,  the  following  terms  shall be  defined  as
indicated,  unless  otherwise  clearly required by the context in which the term
appears:

          "Board of Directors" shall mean the Board of Directors of the Company.

          "Change of Control"  shall mean any sale of the assets or voting stock
     of the Company, whether by purchase, merger, consolidation or other similar
     transaction,  pursuant to which there is a transfer  of  ownership  of more
     than fifty  percent  (50%) of the assets or the voting stock of the Company
     to a Person which theretofore did not own,  directly or indirectly,  any of
     the voting stock of the Company; provided, however, that a restructuring of
     the Company in which the  stockholders of the Company retain at least fifty
     percent  (50%) of the voting  stock of the  surviving  Person  shall not be
     deemed a Change of Control.

          "Code" shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

          "Common Stock" shall mean the authorized and issuable  common stock of
     the Company ($.01 par value).

          "Fair Market  Value" shall mean (i) if the stock is listed or admitted
     to trade on a national securities exchange, the average of the high and low
     sales prices for the stock on the composite tape of the principal  national
     securities  exchange  on which the stock is so listed or admitted to trade,
     (ii) if the  stock  is not  listed  or  admitted  to  trade  on a  national




                                       1
<PAGE>


     securities  exchange,  the average of the high and low sales prices for the
     stock as furnished by the National Association of Securities Dealers,  Inc.
     through NASDAQ or a similar  organization if NASDAQ is no longer  reporting
     such information,  or (iii) if the stock is not listed or admitted to trade
     on a national securities exchange and if sales prices for the stock are not
     so  furnished  through  NASDAQ or a similar  organization,  the fair market
     value of the stock as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors or
     an  authorized  committee  thereof in such manner as it deems  appropriate,
     taking into consideration, among other things, recent sales of the stock.

          "Non-Employee  Director"  shall  mean  each  member  of the  Board  of
     Directors who is not a current employee or a current officer of the Company
     or any of its Subsidiaries.

          "Nonstatutory  Options" shall mean an option  granted  pursuant to the
     Plan which does not qualify as an incentive  stock option under Section 422
     of the Code.

          "Option(s)"  shall mean option(s) to purchase  Common Stock under this
     Plan.

          "Option Price" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.2 hereof.

          "Person"  shall  mean  any  individual,  partnership,  joint  venture,
     corporation,  association,  trust,  or any other  entity  or  organization,
     including  a  government  or  political   subdivision   or  any  agency  or
     instrumentality thereof.


II.  ADMINISTRATION; PARTICIPATION.

2.1    Administration.

     This Plan shall be administered  by the Board of Directors.  Subject to the
express provisions of this Plan, the Board of Directors shall have the authority
to construe and interpret this Plan and any  agreements  defining the rights and
obligations of the Company and  participants  under this Plan, to further define
the  terms  used in this  Plan,  to  prescribe,  amend  and  rescind  rules  and
regulations  relating to the  administration  of this Plan and to make all other
determinations  necessary or advisable for the  administration of this Plan. The
determinations  of the Board of  Directors  on the  foregoing  matters  shall be
conclusive.

2.2    Participation.

     All Non-Employee Directors shall be eligible to participate in this Plan.




                                       2
<PAGE>



2.3    Stock Subject to this Plan.

     Subject  to Section  4.1  hereof,  the stock to be offered  under this Plan
shall be shares of authorized but unissued  Common Stock or Common Stock held in
treasury.  The aggregate amount of Common Stock to be delivered upon exercise of
Options  granted  under this Plan  shall not exceed the sum of 60,000  shares of
Common Stock.  Such amount of Common Stock is hereby reserved for issuance under
this Plan. If any Option shall expire or terminate for any reason without having
been fully  exercised,  the  unexercised  shares subject  thereto shall again be
available for the purposes of this Plan.

2.4    Stock Option Agreements.

     Each Option  granted  pursuant to this Plan shall be evidenced by a written
stock  option  agreement  (any of which are at times  herein  referred  to as an
"Option Agreement" or, collectively, as "Option Agreements").

III.     OPTIONS.

3.1    Annual Grant of Nonstatutory Options.

     Only  Nonstatutory  Options  may be granted  under this Plan.  On the first
business day following the day of each annual meeting of the stockholders of the
Company beginning in 2002, each person who is then a Non-Employee Director shall
automatically  and without further action by the Board of Directors be granted a
Nonstatutory  Option  to  purchase  1,500  shares of Common  Stock,  subject  to
adjustment and  substitution as set forth in Article IV. If the number of shares
then  remaining  available for the grant of stock options under this Plan is not
sufficient  for each  Non-Employee  Director  to be  granted an Option for 1,500
shares (or the number of adjusted or substituted shares pursuant to Article IV),
then each Non-Employee Director shall be granted an Option for a number of whole
shares  equal to the number of shares then  remaining  available  divided by the
number of Non-Employee Directors, disregarding any fractions of shares.

3.2    Option Price.

     Except as otherwise  provided  herein,  the purchase price per share of the
Common Stock  covered by each Option (the "Option  Price")  shall be one hundred
percent  (100%) of the Fair Market Value on the date of grant.  The Option Price
of any share  purchased  shall be paid in full at the time of each  purchase  in
cash, by check, or, provided that all necessary  regulatory  approvals have been
received  and  provided  further  that the Option  Agreement  provides  for such
exercise,  the person  exercising  the Option may deliver in payment of all or a
portion of the Option Price  certificates  for other shares of Common Stock that
have been held by such  person for at least six (6) months  (such  other  shares
shall be valued at the Fair Market  Value of such Common Stock as of the date of
exercise of the Option).




                                       3
<PAGE>




3.3    Option Period.

     Except as otherwise provided herein or as otherwise determined by the Board
of Directors, each Option and all rights and obligations thereunder shall expire
on such date as shall be  provided in the Option  Agreement,  but not later than
the tenth  anniversary  of the date on which the Option is granted  and shall be
subject to earlier termination as hereinafter provided.

3.4    Exercise of Options.

     Each Option shall become exercisable and the total number of shares subject
thereto shall be  purchasable no sooner than six (6) months from the date of the
grant of the Option.  If the holder of an Option  shall not  purchase all of the
shares which the holder is entitled to purchase,  the holder's right to purchase
any shares not so  purchased  shall  continue  until the  expiration  or earlier
termination of the holder's  Option.  No Option shall be  exercisable  except in
respect of whole shares,  and fractional  share  interests  shall be disregarded
except that they may be  accumulated in accordance  with the second  sentence of
this  Section  3.4. No fewer than ten (10) shares may be  purchased  at one time
unless  the  number  purchased  is the total  number at the time  available  for
purchase under the Option.  The Board of Directors may impose such conditions or
limitations,  as shall be specified in the applicable Option  Agreement,  on the
sale or transfer of Common Stock  acquired  upon exercise of an Option as it may
deem necessary or desirable.

     An Option shall be deemed to be exercised when the Secretary of the Company
receives  written  notice of such exercise from the person  entitled to exercise
the Option, together with payment in full of the Option Price made in accordance
with Section 3.2 of this Plan and all applicable withholding taxes.

3.5    Nontransferability of Options.

     An Option granted under this Plan shall, by its terms,  be  nontransferable
by the grantee other than by will or the laws of descent and  distribution,  and
shall be exercised  during the grantee's  lifetime only by the grantee or a duly
appointed guardian or personal representative.

3.6    Cessation of Service.

     (a) Except as provided in Sections 3.7 and 3.8 hereof,  if an Option holder
ceases to be a Director of the Company because of the Option holder's  voluntary
resignation prior to the expiration of such Option holder's term of service as a
member of the Board of Directors, the Option shall be exercisable only until the
date of such resignation,  to the extent, and only to the extent, the Option had
become exercisable as of the date of such resignation.

     (b) Except as provided in Sections 3.7 and 3.8 hereof,  if an Option holder
ceases to be a Director  of the  Company on the date of the  expiration  of such
Option  holder's  term as a member  of the Board of  Directors  or for any other
reason other than voluntary  resignation  prior to the expiration of such Option
holder's  term as a member of the Board of  Directors,  the Option  holder shall
have ninety (90) days,  or such other period  provided in the Option  Agreement,
from



                                       4
<PAGE>


the date on which such Option  holder  ceases to be a Director of the Company to
exercise his or her Option,  to the extent,  and only to the extent,  the Option
had become exercisable prior to the date of such cessation of service.

3.7    Permanent Disability of Non-Employee Director.

     If an Option  holder is no longer a  Non-Employee  Director  as a result of
permanent  disability  (as  defined  below),  the holder  shall have twelve (12)
months, or such shorter period as is provided in the Option Agreement,  from the
date of  cessation  of service to exercise  his or her Option.  The Option shall
expire at the end of such 12-month period (or such shorter period as is provided
in the Option  Agreement  or as provided  pursuant to Section 3.3 hereof) to the
extent not exercised within that period. As used herein,  "permanent disability"
shall mean the  inability of an Option  holder by reason of illness or injury to
perform substantially all of his or her duties as a Non-Employee Director during
any continued period of one hundred eighty (180) days.

3.8    Death of Non-Employee Director.

     If an Option  holder dies while a  Non-Employee  Director of the Company or
during the periods  described in Section 3.6 or 3.7 hereof,  the holder's Option
shall be exercisable  during the twelve-month  period, or such shorter period as
is  provided in the Option  Agreement,  following  the  holder's  death,  by the
executor of the holder's will, the  administrator of the holder's estate,  or as
otherwise  provided in the Option Agreement,  (and not otherwise,  regardless of
any community  property or other interest therein of the spouse of the holder or
such spouse's successor in interest), provided that in no event shall the Option
be exercised after the period provided for in Section 3.3 hereof.  Unless sooner
terminated  pursuant  to the Plan,  the Option  shall  expire at the end of such
twelve-month  period  (or such  shorter  period  as is  provided  in the  Option
Agreement  or as is  provided  pursuant to Section 3.3 hereof) to the extent not
exercised  within that period.  In the event that the holder's spouse shall have
acquired a community  property interest in the Option,  the holder, the executor
of the holder's will,  the  administrator  of the holder's  estate or such other
Person as is otherwise  provided in the Option Agreement may exercise the option
on behalf of the spouse of the holder or such spouse's successor in interest.


IV.  OTHER PROVISIONS.

4.1    Adjustments Upon Changes in Capitalization and Ownership.

     Subject to Section 4.2 below, if the outstanding shares of Common Stock are
increased,  decreased or changed into, or exchanged  for, a different  number or
kind of shares or securities of the Company through a  reorganization  or merger
in which the Company is the  surviving  entity,  combination,  recapitalization,
reclassification,  stock split-up,  reverse stock split,  stock dividend,  stock
consolidation or otherwise, an appropriate and proportionate adjustment shall be
made in the number and kind of shares  for which  Options  may be granted as set
forth in Section 2.3 hereof. A corresponding  adjustment  changing the number or
kind of shares and the exercise price per share allocated to unexercised Options
or portions  thereof,  which shall have been  granted  prior to any such change,
shall also be made.



                                       5
<PAGE>


     Upon the dissolution or liquidation of the Company,  or, subject to Section
4.2 below,  upon a  reorganization,  merger or consolidation of the Company with
one or more  corporations  as a result of which the Company is not the surviving
corporation,   in  which  such  surviving  corporation  (or  an  affiliate),  if
applicable,  does not assume all  obligations of the Company under this Plan and
substitute  for the  unexercised  Options  granted  under  the Plan  options  to
purchase  securities of such surviving  corporation having a value substantially
equivalent  to or greater than the Common Stock  issuable  upon exercise of such
Options  and on terms  substantially  the same as or better  than those  granted
under the Plan,  such Options  shall  become  immediately  exercisable  upon the
occurrence of such an event, but in no event may such Options be exercised after
the exercise period specified in each individual Option Agreement.

     Adjustments  under this Section 4.1 shall be made by the Board of Directors
or an authorized  committee thereof,  whose determination as to what adjustments
shall be made, and the extent thereof,  shall be final,  binding and conclusive.
No fractional  shares of Common Stock shall be issued under this Plan on account
of any such  adjustment.  If for any reason any person  becomes  entitled to any
interest in a fractional  share,  a cash payment  shall be made of an equivalent
value of such interest.

4.2    Change of Control.

     In the event of a Change of Control during the term of one or more Options,
such Options shall,  subject to Section 4.1 above,  remain outstanding and shall
become  exercisable  by the holder  thereof upon the terms and conditions of the
Plan and the Option  Agreement  between such holder and the  Company;  provided,
however,  the Board of Directors or an authorized  committee thereof may, in its
discretion,  take one or more of the  following  actions  in  connection  with a
Change of Control:

     (a) The Board of Directors or an authorized  committee  thereof may declare
that any or all Options shall terminate as of a date to be fixed by the Board of
Directors or such committee and may require that the respective  holders thereof
surrender all or a portion of their unexercised  Options for cancellation by the
Company prior to such date and, upon such surrender,  such holders shall receive
(i) the cash,  securities  or other  consideration  they would have received had
they exercised such Options  immediately prior to such Change of Control and had
they  disposed of their shares of Common Stock  issuable  upon such  exercise in
connection  with such  Change of Control  (subject to  required  deductions  and
withholdings),  minus (ii) an amount of cash or fair market value of  securities
or  other  such  consideration  equal  to the  Option  Price  for  such  Options
surrendered; or

     (b) The Board of Directors or an authorized  committee  thereof may declare
that,  upon the  exercise  by a holder of any or all  Options  after a Change of
Control in  accordance  with the  provisions  of the Plan,  such holder shall be
entitled to receive only the cash,  securities or other  consideration  he would
have been entitled to receive had he exercised such Options immediately prior to
such Change of Control and had he disposed  of the Common  Stock  issuable  upon
such exercise in connection with such Change of Control; or



                                       6
<PAGE>


     (c) The Board of Directors or an authorized  committee  thereof may declare
that any or all Options shall terminate as of a date to be fixed by the Board of
Directors or such  committee and give the holders  thereof the right to exercise
their Options prior to such date as to all or any part thereof; or

     (d) The Board of Directors or an  authorized  committee  thereof may permit
the successor  corporation  to assume the  obligations  of the Company under the
Plan and to  substitute  for the  unexercised  Options  granted  under  the Plan
options to purchase  securities  of such  successor  corporation  having a value
substantially  equivalent  to or greater  than the Common  Stock  issuable  upon
exercise of such Options and on terms  substantially  the same as or better than
those  granted  under the Plan,  all as  determined by the Board of Directors or
such committee, whereupon all outstanding Options and all future Options granted
under the Plan shall  thenceforth  become options to purchase such securities of
such successor corporation on such terms.

4.3    Government Regulations.

     This Plan and the grant and  exercise  of  Options  shall be subject to all
applicable rules and regulations of governmental authorities.

4.4    Withholding.

     The Company may require, as a condition to (1) issuing or delivering to the
holder of an Option shares or  certificates  evidencing the shares upon exercise
of the  Option  or (2)  allowing  the  transfer  of shares  subsequent  to their
issuance  to the  holder  of an  Option,  that the  holder of an Option or other
person exercising the Option pay any sums that federal,  state, or local tax law
requires to be withheld with respect to such  exercise or transfer.  The Company
shall not be obligated to advise any holder of an Option of the existence of the
tax or the amount which the Company will be so required to withhold.

4.5    Amendment, Termination and Reissuance.

     (a) The Board of Directors may at any time suspend, amend or terminate this
Plan (or any part thereof) and, with the consent of the holder of an Option, may
make such  modifications  of the terms and conditions of such holder's Option as
it shall deem advisable.  No Option may be granted during any suspension of this
Plan or after such termination. The amendment, suspension or termination of this
Plan shall not, without the consent of the holder of an Option,  adversely alter
or impair any rights or obligations under any Option  theretofore  granted under
this Plan.

     (b) In addition to the Board of Directors'  approval of any  amendment,  if
the amendment  would (i) increase the benefits  accruing to participants in this
Plan,  (ii)  increase the  aggregate  number of shares which may be issued under
this Plan or (iii) modify the  requirements of eligibility for  participation in
this Plan, then such amendment shall be approved by the holders of a majority of
the Company's outstanding capital stock present, or represented, and entitled to
vote at a meeting duly held for the purpose of approving such amendment.



                                       7
<PAGE>


4.6    Privileges of Stock Ownership; Nondistributive Intent.

     The holder of an Option  shall not be  entitled to the  privilege  of stock
ownership as to any shares of Common Stock not actually  issued and delivered to
him or her. Upon exercise of an Option,  unless a  registration  statement is in
effect  under the  Securities  Act of 1933,  as amended,  relating to the Common
Stock  issuable  upon  exercise and there is available for delivery a prospectus
meeting the  requirements of Section  10(a)(3) of said Act, the Common Stock may
be issued to the option  holder  only if he or she  represents  and  warrants in
writing to the  Company  and its  counsel  that the shares  purchased  are being
acquired  for  investment  and not  with a view to the  resale  or  distribution
thereof.  No shares shall be issued upon the  exercise of any Option  unless and
until  there  shall  have  been  full   compliance   with  any  then  applicable
requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission,  or any other regulatory
agencies  having  jurisdiction  over this Plan (and of any exchanges  upon which
stock of the Company may be listed).

4.7    Issuance of Stock Certificates.

     Upon  exercise of an Option,  the person  receiving  Common  Stock shall be
entitled  to one stock  certificate  evidencing  the shares  acquired  upon such
exercise;  provided,  however,  that any person who tenders  Common Stock to the
Company in payment of a portion or all of the purchase price of stock  purchased
upon exercise of an Option,  shall be entitled to receive two certificates,  one
representing a number of shares equal to the number of shares  exchanged for the
stock  acquired upon exercise and another  representing  the  additional  shares
acquired upon exercise of the Option.

4.8    Effective Date of this Plan.

     This Plan shall,  subject to its adoption by the Board of Directors and the
approval by the Company's stockholders in accordance with applicable law and the
Company's  Restated  Certificate  of  Incorporation,  be effective as of May 29,
2002.

4.9    Expiration.

     Unless  previously  terminated by the Board of  Directors,  this Plan shall
expire at the close of  business  on the date that is ten (10) years and six (6)
months from the date  specified  in Section  4.8, and no Option shall be granted
under it thereafter, but such expiration shall not affect any Option theretofore
granted.

4.10   Governing Law.

     This Plan and the  Options  issued  hereunder  shall be  governed  by,  and
construed in accordance  with,  the laws of the State of Delaware  applicable to
contracts  made and  performed  within  such  State,  except as such laws may be
supplanted  by the laws of the United  States of America,  which laws shall then
govern its effect and its construction to the extent they supplant Delaware law.


                                       8


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
