<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.7
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex10-7_d12322.txt
<TEXT>
                                  EXHIBIT 10.7

                                STOCK OPTION PLAN

                                                              AS AMENDED THROUGH
                                                                  APRIL 12, 2002

                                   GTSI Corp.
                             1994 STOCK OPTION PLAN

1.   Establishment and Purposes of the Plan.

     GTSI Corp. hereby establishes this 1994 Stock Option Plan to promote the
interests of the Company and its stockholders by (i) helping to attract and
retain the services of selected key employees of the Company who are in a
position to make a material contribution to the successful operation of the
Company's business, (ii) motivating such persons, by means of
performance-related incentives, to achieve the Company's business goals and
(iii) enabling such persons to participate in the long-term growth and financial
success of the Company by providing them with an opportunity to purchase stock
of the Company.

2.   Definitions.

     The following definitions shall apply throughout the Plan:

     a.   "Affiliate" shall mean any entity that directly, or indirectly through
one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by, or is under common
control with, the Company.

     b.   "Board of Directors" shall mean the Board of Directors of the Company.

     c.   "Code" shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.
References in the Plan to any section of the Code shall be deemed to include any
amendment or successor provisions to such section and any regulations issued
under such section.

     d.   "Common Stock" shall mean the common stock, par value $0.005 per
share, of the Company.

     e.   "Company" shall mean GTSI Corp., a Delaware Corporation and any
"subsidiary" corporation, whether now or hereafter existing, as defined in
Sections 424(f) and (g) of the Code, or any entity in which GTSI owns at least a
35% interest.

     f.   "Committee" shall mean the Committee appointed by the Board of
Directors in accordance with Section 4(a) of the Plan or, if no Committee shall
be appointed or in office, the Board of Directors.

     g.   "Continuous Employment" shall mean the absence of any interruption or
termination of employment by the Company. Continuous Employment shall not be
considered interrupted in the case of sick leave, military leave or any other
leave of absence approved by the Committee or in the case of transfers between
locations of the Company.

     h.   "Disinterested Person" shall mean an administrator of the Plan who
during the one year prior to service as an administrator of the Plan, has not
been granted or awarded, and during such service, is not granted or awarded
stock options or stock appreciation rights pursuant to the Plan or any other
plan of the Company or any of its Affiliates entitling the participants therein
to acquire stock, stock options or stock appreciation rights of the Company or
any Affiliates, except for any plan under which the award of stock, stock
options or stock appreciation rights is not subject to the discretion of any
person or persons.

     i.   "Employee" shall mean any employee of the Company, including officers
and directors who are also employees.


                                       1
<PAGE>

     j.   "Fair Market Value" shall mean, with respect to Shares, the fair
market value per Share on the date an option is granted and, so long as the
Shares are quoted on the National Association of Securities Dealers Automated
Quotations ("Nasdaq") System), the Fair Market Value per Share shall be the
closing price on the Nasdaq Stock Market as of the date of grant of the Option,
as reported in The Wall Street Journal or, if there are no sales on such date,
on the immediately preceding day on which there were reported sales.

     k.   "Incentive Stock Option" shall mean an Option intended to qualify as
an incentive stock option within the meaning of Section 422 of the Code.

     l.   "Non-Statutory Stock Option" shall mean an Option which is not an
Incentive Stock Option. m. "Option" shall mean a stock option to purchase Common
Stock granted to an Optionee pursuant to the Plan.

     n.   "Option Agreement" means a written agreement substantially in one of
the forms attached hereto as Exhibit A, or such other form or forms as the
Committee (subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan) may from time to
time approve, evidencing and reflecting the terms of an Option.

     o.   "Optioned Stock" shall mean the Common Stock subject to an Option
granted pursuant to the Plan.

     p.   "Optionee" shall mean any Employee who is granted an Option.

     q.   "Plan" shall mean this GTSI Corp. 1994 Stock Option Plan.

     r.   "Shares" shall mean shares of the Common Stock or any shares into
which such Shares may be converted in accordance with Section 10 of the Plan.

3.   Shares Reserved.

     The maximum aggregate number of Shares reserved for issuance pursuant to
the Plan shall be 300,000 Shares or the number of shares of stock to which such
Shares shall be adjusted as provided in Section 10 of the Plan. Such number of
Shares may be set aside out of authorized but unissued Shares not reserved for
any other purpose, or out of issued Shares acquired for and held in the treasury
of the Company from time to time.

     Shares subject to, but not sold or issued under, any Option terminating,
expiring or canceled for any reason prior to its exercise in full, shall again
become available for Options thereafter granted under the Plan, and the same
shall not be deemed an increase in the number of Shares reserved for issuance
under the Plan.

4.   Administration of the Plan.

     a.   The Plan shall be administered by a Committee designated by the Board
of Directors to administer the Plan and comprised of not less than two
directors, each of whom is a Disinterested Person. In addition, each director
designated by the Board of Directors to administer the Plan shall be an "outside
director" as defined in the Treasury regulations issued pursuant to Section
162(m) of the Code. Members of the Committee shall serve for such period of time
as the Board of Directors may determine or until their resignation, retirement,
removal or death, if sooner. From time to time the Board of Directors may
increase the size of the Committee and appoint additional members thereto,
remove members (with or without cause) and appoint new members in substitution
therefore or fill vacancies however caused.

     b.   Subject to the provisions of the Plan, the Committee shall have the
authority, in its discretion: (i) to grant Incentive Stock Options, in
accordance with Section 422 of the Code, or Non-Statutory Stock Options; (ii) to
determine, upon review of relevant information, the Fair Market Value per Share;
(iii) to determine the exercise price of the Options to be granted to Employees
in accordance with Section 6(c) of the Plan; (iv) to determine the Employees to
whom, and the time or times at which, Options shall be granted, and the number
of Shares subject to each Option; (v) to


                                       2
<PAGE>

prescribe, amend and rescind rules and regulations relating to the Plan subject
to the limitations set forth in Section 12 of the Plan; (vi) to determine the
terms and provisions of each Option granted to Optionees under the Plan and each
Option Agreement (which need not be identical with the terms of other Options
and Option Agreements) and, with the consent of the Optionee, to modify or amend
an outstanding Option or Option Agreement; (vii) to accelerate the exercise date
of any Option; (viii) to determine whether any Optionee will be required to
execute a stock repurchase agreement or other agreement as a condition to the
exercise of an Option, and to determine the terms and provisions of any such
agreement (which need not be identical with the terms of any other such
agreement) and, with the consent of the Optionee, to amend any such agreement;
(ix) to interpret the Plan or any agreement entered into with respect to the
grant or exercise of Options; (x) to authorize any person to execute on behalf
of the Company any instrument required to effectuate the grant of an Option
previously granted or to take such other actions as may be necessary or
appropriate with respect to the Company's rights pursuant to Options or
agreements relating to the grant or exercise thereof; and (xi) to make such
other determinations and establish such other procedures as it deems necessary
or advisable for the administration of the Plan. Notwithstanding anything else
herein, the Committee shall not have the authority to adjust or amend the
exercise price of any Options previously awarded to any Optionee, whether
through amendment, cancellation, replacement grant or other means.

     c.   All decisions, determinations and interpretations of the Committee
shall be final and binding on all Optionees and any other holders of any Options
granted under the Plan.

     d.   The Committee shall keep minutes of its meetings and of the actions
taken by it without a meeting. A majority of the Committee shall constitute a
quorum, and the actions of a majority at a meeting, including a telephone
meeting, at which a quorum is present, or acts approved in writing by a majority
of the members of the Committee without a meeting, shall constitute acts of the
Committee.

     e.   The Company shall pay all original issue and transfer taxes with
respect to the grant of Options and/or the issue and transfer of Shares pursuant
to the exercise thereof, and all other fees and expenses necessarily incurred by
the Company in connection therewith; provided, however, that the person
exercising an Option shall be responsible for all payroll, withholding, income
and other taxes incurred by such person on the date of exercise of an Option or
transfer of Shares.

5.   Eligibility.

     Options may be granted under the Plan only to Employees. An Employee who
has been granted an Option may, if he or she is otherwise eligible, be granted
additional Options.

6.   Terms and Conditions of Options.

     Options granted pursuant to the Plan by the Committee shall be either
Incentive Stock Options or Non-Statutory Stock Options and shall be evidenced by
an Option Agreement providing, in addition to such other terms as the Committee
may deem advisable, the following terms and conditions:

     a.   Time of Granting Options. The date of grant of an Option shall for all
purposes, be the date on which the Committee makes the determination granting
such Option. Notice of the determination shall be given to each Optionee within
a reasonable time after the date of such grant.

     b.   Number of Shares. Each Option Agreement shall state the number of
Shares to which it pertains and whether such Option is intended to constitute an
Incentive Stock Option or a Non-Statutory Stock Option. The maximum number of
Shares which may be awarded as Options under the Plan during any calendar year
to any Optionee is 100,000 Shares. If an Option held by an Employee of the
Company is canceled, the canceled Option shall continue to be counted against
the maximum number of Shares for which Options may be granted to such Employee
and any replacement Option granted to such Employee shall also count against
such limit.

     c.   Exercise Price. The exercise price per Share for the Shares to be
issued pursuant to


                                       3
<PAGE>

the exercise of an Option, shall be such price as is determined by the
Committee; provided, however, such price shall in no event be less than one
hundred percent (100%) of the Fair Market Value per Share on the date of grant
with respect to both Non-Statutory Stock Options and Incentive Stock Options.

     In the case of an Incentive Stock Option granted to an Employee who, at the
time the Incentive Stock Option is granted, owns or is deemed to own (by reason
of the attribution rules applicable under Section 424(d) of the Code) stock
possessing more than ten percent (10%) of the combined voting power of all
classes of stock of the Company, the exercise price per Share shall be no less
than one-hundred-ten percent (110%) of the Fair Market Value per Share on the
date of grant.

     d.   Medium and Time of Payment. The consideration to be paid for the
Shares to be issued upon exercise of an Option, including the method of payment,
shall be determined by the Committee and may consist entirely of cash, check or
such other consideration and method of payment permitted under any laws to which
the Company is subject which is approved by the Committee; provided, however,
that the Optionee shall be required to pay in cash an amount necessary to
satisfy the Company's withholding obligations. In the case of an Incentive Stock
Option, such provision shall be determined on the date of the grant.

     e.   Term of Options. The term of an Incentive Stock Option may be up to
ten (10) years from the date of grant thereof; provided, however, that the term
of an Incentive Stock Option granted to an Employee who, at the time the
Incentive Stock Option is granted, owns or is deemed to own (by reason of the
attribution rules of Section 424(d) of the Code) stock possessing more than ten
percent (10%) of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of the
Company, shall be five (5) years from the date of grant thereof or such shorter
term as may be provided in the Option.

     The term of a Non-Statutory Stock Option may be up to ten (10) years from
the date such Employee first becomes vested in any portion of an Option award.

     The term of any Option may be less than the maximum term provided for
herein as specified by the Committee upon grant of the Option and as set forth
therein.

     f.   Maximum Amount of Incentive Stock Options. To the extent that the
aggregate Fair Market Value (determined at the time an Incentive Stock Option is
granted) of the Shares with respect to which Incentive Stock Options are
exercisable for the first time by an Optionee during any calendar year under all
incentive stock option plans of the Company exceeds One Hundred Thousand Dollars
($100,000), the Options in excess of such limit shall be treated as
Non-Statutory Stock Options.

7.   Exercise of Option.

     a.   In General. Any Option granted hereunder to an Employee shall be
exercisable at such times and under such conditions as may be determined by the
Committee and as shall be permissible under the terms of the Plan, including any
performance criteria with respect to the Company and/or the Optionee as may be
determined by the Committee. An Option may be exercised in accordance with the
provisions of the Plan as to all or any portion of the Shares then exercisable
under an Option from time to time during the term of the Option. However, an
Option may not be exercised for a fraction of a Share.

     b.   Procedure. An Option shall be deemed to be exercised when written
notice of such exercise has been given to the Company at its principal business
office in accordance with the terms of the Option Agreement by the person
entitled to exercise the Option and full payment for the Shares with respect to
which the Option is exercised has been received by the Company, accompanied by
any other agreements required by the terms of the Plan and/or Option Agreement
or as required by the Committee and payment by the Optionee of all payroll,
withholding or income taxes incurred in connection with such Option exercise (or
arrangements for the collection or payment of such tax satisfactory to the
Committee are made). Full payment may consist of such consideration and


                                       4
<PAGE>

method of payment allowable under Section 6(d) of the Plan.

     c.   Decrease in Available Shares. Exercise of an Option in any manner
shall result in a decrease in the number of Shares which thereafter may be
available, both for purposes of the Plan and for sale under the Option, by the
number of Shares as to which the Option is exercised.

     d.   Exercise of Stockholder Rights. Until the Option is properly exercised
in accordance with the terms of this section, no right to vote or receive
dividends or any other rights as a stockholder shall exist with respect to the
Optioned Stock. No adjustment shall be made for a dividend or other right for
which the record date is prior to the date the Option is exercised, except as
provided in Section 10 of the Plan.

     e.   Termination of Eligibility. If an Optionee ceases to serve as an
Employee for any reason other than death or permanent and total disability
(within the meaning of Section 22(e)(3) of the Code) and thereby terminates his
or her Continuous Status as an Employee he or she may, but only within one (1)
month, or such other period of time not exceeding three (3) months in the case
of an Incentive Stock Option (or in the case of an Optionee subject to Rule
16b-3 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the greater of six (6)
months from the date of the Option award or three (3) months from the date of
termination of employment) or six (6) months in the case of a Non-Statutory
Stock Option as is determined by the Committee at the time of granting the
Option, following the date he or she ceases his or her Continuous Status as an
Employee (subject to any earlier termination of the Option as provided by its
terms), exercise his or her Option to the extent that he or she was entitled to
exercise it at the date of such termination. To the extent that he or she was
not entitled to exercise the Option at the date of such termination, or if he or
she does not exercise such Option (which he or she was entitled to exercise)
within the time specified herein, the Option shall terminate. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary herein, the Committee may at any time and from time to
time prior to the termination of a Non-Statutory Stock Option, with the consent
of the Optionee, extend the period of time during which the Optionee may
exercise his or her Non-Statutory Stock Option following the date he or she
ceases his or her Continuous Status as an Employee; provided, however, that the
maximum period of time during which a Non-Statutory Stock Option shall be
exercisable following the date on which an Optionee terminates his or her
Continuous Status as an Employee shall not exceed an aggregate of six (6)
months, that the Non-Statutory Stock Option shall not be, or as a result of such
extension become, exercisable after the expiration of the term of such Option as
set forth in the Option Agreement and, notwithstanding any extension of time
during which the Non-Statutory Stock Option may be exercised, that such Option,
unless otherwise amended by the Committee, shall only be exercisable to the
extent the Optionee was entitled to exercise it on the date he or she ceased his
or her Continuous Status as an Employee.

     f.   Death or Disability Of Optionee. If an Optionee's Continuous Status as
an Employee ceases due to death or permanent and total disability (within the
meaning of Section 22(e)(3) of the Code) of the Optionee, the Option may be
exercised within six (6) months (or such other period of time not exceeding one
(1) year as is determined by the Committee at the time of granting the Option)
following the date of death or termination of employment due to permanent or
total disability (subject to any earlier termination of the Option as provided
by its terms), by the Optionee in the case of permanent or total disability, or
in the case of death by the Optionee's estate or by a person who acquired the
right to exercise the Option by bequest or inheritance, but in any case (unless
otherwise determined by the Committee at the time of granting the Option) only
to the extent the Optionee was entitled to exercise the Option at the date of
his or her termination of employment by death or permanent and total disability.
To the extent that he or she was not entitled to exercise such Option at the
date of his or her termination of employment by death or permanent and total
disability, or if he or she does not exercise such Option (which he or she was
entitled to exercise) within the time specified herein, the Option shall
terminate.


                                       5
<PAGE>

     g.   Expiration of Option. Notwithstanding any provision in the Plan,
including but not limited to the provisions set forth in Sections 7(e) and 7(f),
an Option may not be exercised, under any circumstances, after the expiration of
its term.

     h.   Conditions on Exercise and Issuance. As soon as practicable after any
proper exercise of an Option in accordance with the provisions of the Plan, the
Company shall deliver to the Optionee at the principal executive office of the
Company or such other place as shall be mutually agreed upon between the Company
and the Optionee, a certificate or certificates representing the Shares for
which the Option shall have been exercised. The time of issuance and delivery of
the certificate or certificates representing the Shares for which the Option
shall have been exercised may be postponed by the Company for such period as may
be required by the Company, with reasonable diligence, to comply with any law or
regulation applicable to the issuance or delivery of such Shares.

     Options granted under the Plan are conditioned upon the Company obtaining
any required permit or order from appropriate governmental agencies, authorizing
the Company to issue such Options and Shares issuable upon exercise thereof.
Shares shall not be issued pursuant to the exercise of an Option unless the
exercise of such Option and the issuance and delivery of such Shares pursuant
thereto shall comply with all relevant provisions of law, including, without
limitation, the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended, applicable state law, the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder, and the requirements of any stock exchange upon which the Shares may
then be listed, and may be further subject to the approval of counsel for the
Company with respect to such compliance.

     i.   Withholding or Deduction for Taxes. The grant of Options hereunder and
the issuance of Shares pursuant to the exercise thereof is conditioned upon the
Company's reservation of the right to withhold, in accordance with any
applicable law, from any compensation or other amounts payable to the Optionee
any taxes required to be withheld under Federal, state or local law as a result
of the grant or exercise of such Option or the sale of the Shares issued upon
exercise thereof. To the extent that compensation and other amounts, if any,
payable to the Optionee are insufficient to pay any taxes required to be so
withheld, the Company may, in its sole discretion, require the Optionee, as a
condition of the exercise of an Option, to pay in cash to the Company an amount
sufficient to cover such tax liability or otherwise to make adequate provision
for the delivery to the Company of cash necessary to satisfy the Company's
withholding obligations under Federal and state law.

8.   Non-transferability of Options.

     Options granted under the Plan may not be sold, pledged, assigned,
hypothecated, gifted, transferred or disposed of in any manner, either
voluntarily or involuntarily by operation of law, other than by will or by the
laws of descent or distribution or transfers between spouses incident to a
divorce.

9.   Holding Period.

     In the case of officers and directors of the Company, at least six (6)
months must elapse from the date of grant of the Option to the date of
disposition of the underlying Shares.


                                       6
<PAGE>

10.  Adjustment Upon Change in Corporate Structure.

     a.   Subject to any required action by the stockholders of the Company, the
number of Shares covered by each outstanding Option, and the number of Shares
which have been authorized for issuance under the Plan but as to which no
Options have yet been granted or which have been returned to the Plan upon
cancellation or expiration of an Option, as well as the exercise or purchase
price per Share covered by each such outstanding Option, shall be
proportionately adjusted for any increase or decrease in the number of issued
Shares resulting from a stock split or combination or the payment of a stock
dividend (but only on the Common Stock) or any other increase or decrease in the
number of issued Shares effected without receipt of consideration by the Company
(other than stock awards to Employees or directors); provided, however, that the
conversion of any convertible securities of the Company shall not be deemed to
have been effected without the receipt of consideration. Such adjustment shall
be made by the Committee, whose determination in that respect shall be final,
binding and conclusive. Except as expressly provided herein, no issue by the
Company of shares of stock of any class, or securities convertible into shares
of stock of any class, shall affect, and no adjustment by reason thereof shall
be made with respect to, the number or price of Shares subject to the Plan or an
Option.

     b.   In the event of the proposed dissolution or liquidation of the
Company, or in the event of a proposed sale of all or substantially all of the
assets of the Company (other than in the ordinary course of business), or the
merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another corporation, as a
result of which the Company is not the surviving and controlling corporation,
the Board of Directors shall (i) make provision for the assumption of all
outstanding options by the successor corporation or (ii) declare that any Option
shall terminate as of a date fixed by the Board of Directors which is at least
thirty (30) days after the notice thereof to the Optionee and shall give each
Optionee the right to exercise his or her Option as to all or any part of the
Optioned Stock, including Shares as to which the Option would not otherwise be
exercisable provided such exercise does not violate Section 7(e) of the Plan.

     c.   No fractional shares of Common Stock shall be issuable on account of
any action aforesaid, and the aggregate number of shares into which Shares then
covered by the Option, when changed as the result of such action, shall be
reduced to the largest number of whole shares resulting from such action, unless
the Board of Directors, in its sole discretion, shall determine to issue scrip
certificates in respect to any fractional shares, which scrip certificates, in
such event shall be in a form and have such terms and conditions as the Board of
Directors in its discretion shall prescribe.

11.  Stockholder Approval.

     Effectiveness of the Plan shall be subject to approval by the stockholders
of the Company within twelve (12) months before or after the date the Plan is
adopted; provided, however, that Options may be granted pursuant to the Plan
subject to subsequent approval of the Plan by such stockholders. Stockholder
approval shall be obtained by the affirmative votes of the holders of a majority
of voting Shares present or represented and entitled to vote at a meeting of
stockholders duly held in accordance with the laws of the state of Delaware.


                                       7
<PAGE>

12.  Amendment and Termination of the Plan.

     a.   Amendment and Termination. The Committee may amend or terminate the
Plan from time to time in such respects as the Committee may deem advisable and
shall make any amendments which may be required so that Options intended to be
Incentive Stock Options shall at all times continue to be Incentive Stock
Options for the purpose of Section 422 of the Code; provided, however, that
without approval of the holders of a majority of the voting Shares present or
represented and entitled to vote at a valid meeting of stockholders, no such
revision or amendment shall (i) materially increase the benefits accruing to
participants under the Plan; (ii) materially increase the number of Shares which
may be issued under the Plan, other than in connection with an adjustment under
Section 10 of the Plan; (iii) materially modify the requirements as to
eligibility for participation in the Plan; (iv) materially change the
designation of the class of Employees eligible to be granted Options; (v) remove
the administration of the Plan from the Committee; or (vi) extend the term of
the Plan beyond the maximum term set forth in Section 15 hereunder.

     b.   Effect of Amendment or Termination. Except as otherwise provided in
Section 10 of the Plan, any amendment or termination of the Plan shall not
affect Options already granted and such Options shall remain in full force and
effect as if the Plan had not been amended or terminated, unless mutually agreed
otherwise between the Optionee and the Company, which agreement must be in
writing and signed by the Optionee and the Company. Notwithstanding anything to
the contrary herein, this 1994 Stock Option Plan shall not adversely affect,
unless mutually agreed in writing by the Company and an Optionee, the terms and
provisions of any Option granted prior to the date the Plan was approved by
stockholders as provided in Section 11 of the Plan.

13.  Indemnification.

     No member of the Committee or of the Board of Directors shall be liable for
any act or action taken, whether of commission or omission, except in
circumstances involving willful misconduct, or for any act or action taken,
whether of commission or omission, by any other member or by any officer, agent,
or Employee. In addition to such other rights of indemnification they may have
as members of the Board of Directors, or as members of the Committee, the
Committee shall be indemnified by the Company against reasonable expenses,
including attorneys' fees actually and necessarily incurred in connection with
the defense of any action, suit or proceeding, or in connection with any appeal
therein, to which they or any of them may be a party by reason of any action
taken, by commission or omission, in connection with the Plan or any Option
taken thereunder, and against all amounts paid by them in settlement thereof
(provided such settlement is approved by independent legal counsel selected by
the Company) or paid by them in satisfaction of a judgment in any action, suit
or proceeding, except in relation to matters as to which it shall be adjudged in
such action, suit or proceeding that such Committee member is liable for willful
misconduct in the performance of his or her duties; provided that within sixty
(60) days after institution of any such action, suit or proceeding, a Committee
member shall in writing offer the Company the opportunity, at its own expense,
to handle and defend the same.

14. General Provisions.

     a.   Other Plans. Nothing contained in the Plan shall prohibit the Company
from establishing additional incentive compensation arrangements.

     b.   No Enlargement of Rights. Neither the Plan, nor the granting of
Shares, nor any other action taken pursuant to the Plan shall constitute or be
evidence of any agreement or understanding, express or implied, that the Company
will retain an Employee for any period of time, or at any particular rate of
compensation. Nothing in the Plan shall be deemed to limit or affect the right
of the Company or any such corporations to discharge any Employee thereof at any
time for any reason or no reason.

     No Employee shall have any right to or interest in Options authorized
hereunder


                                       8
<PAGE>

prior to the grant thereof to such eligible person, and upon such grant he or
she shall have only such rights and interests as are expressly provided herein
and in the related Option Agreement, subject, however, to all applicable
provisions of the Company's Certificate of Incorporation, as the same may be
amended from time to time.

     c.   Notice. Any notice to be given to the Company pursuant to the
provisions of the Plan shall be addressed to the Company in care of its
Secretary (or such other person as the Company may designate from time to time)
at its principal office, and any notice to be given to an Optionee whom an
Option is granted hereunder shall be delivered personally or addressed to him or
her at the address given beneath his or her signature on his or her Stock Option
Agreement, or at such other address as such Optionee or his or her transferee
(upon the transfer of the Optioned Stock) may hereafter designate in writing to
the Company. Any such notice shall be deemed duly given when enclosed in a
properly sealed envelope or wrapper addressed as aforesaid, registered or
certified, and deposited, postage and registry or certification fee prepaid, in
a post office or branch post office regularly maintained by the United States
Postal Service. It shall be the obligation of each Optionee holding Shares
purchased upon exercise of an Option to provide the Secretary of the Company, by
letter mailed as provided hereinabove, with written notice of his or her direct
mailing address.

     d.   Applicable Law. To the extent that Federal laws do not otherwise
control, the Plan shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws
of the State of Delaware, without regard to the conflict of laws rules thereof.

     e.   Incentive Stock Options. The Company shall not be liable to an
Optionee or other person if it is determined for any reason by the Internal
Revenue Service or any court having jurisdiction that any Incentive Stock
Options are not incentive stock options as defined in Section 422 of the Code.

     f.   Information to Optionees. The Company shall provide without charge to
each Optionee copies of such annual and periodic reports as are provided by the
Company to its stockholders generally.

     g.   Availability of Plan. A copy of the Plan shall be delivered to the
Secretary of the Company and shall be shown by him or her to any eligible person
making reasonable inquiry concerning it.

     h.   Severability. In the event that any provision of the Plan is found to
be invalid or otherwise unenforceable under any applicable law, such invalidity
or unenforceability shall not be construed as rendering any other provisions
contained herein as invalid or unenforceable, and all such other provisions
shall be given full force and effect to the same extent as though the invalid or
unenforceable provision was not contained herein.

15.  Effective Date and Term of Plan.

     The Plan shall become effective upon stockholder approval as provided in
Section 11 of the Plan. The Plan shall continue in effect for a term of ten (10)
years unless sooner terminated under Section 12 of the Plan.


                                       9
<PAGE>

                       CERTIFICATE OF ASSISTANT SECRETARY

     The undersigned Assistant Secretary of GTSI Corp. (the "Company") hereby
certifies that the foregoing is a true and correct copy of the Company's 1994
Stock Option Plan, as amended through April 12, 2002.

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this document as of the
18th day of April, 2002.

                                                     /s/  CHARLES DELEON
                                             -----------------------------------
                                             Charles DeLeon, Assistant Secretary


                                       2

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
