<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.22
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>f88176exv10w22.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.22
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.22

                                 HARMONIC INC.

                           2002 DIRECTOR OPTION PLAN

     1.  Purposes of the Plan.  The purposes of this 2002 Director Option Plan
are to attract and retain the best available personnel for service as Outside
Directors (as defined herein) of the Company, to provide additional incentive to
the Outside Directors of the Company to serve as Directors, and to encourage
their continued service on the Board.

     All options granted hereunder shall be nonstatutory stock options.

     2.  Definitions.  As used herein, the following definitions shall apply:

          a).  "Board" means the Board of Directors of the Company.

          b).  "Change-in-Control" means the occurrence of any of the following
     events:

             (i) Any "person" (as such term is used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d)
        of the Exchange Act) becomes the "beneficial owner" (as defined in Rule
        13d-3 of the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of securities of the
        Company representing fifty percent (50%) or more of the total voting
        power represented by the Company's then outstanding voting securities;
        or

             (ii) The consummation of the sale or disposition by the Company of
        all or substantially all of the Company's assets;

             (iii) A change in the composition of the Board occurring within a
        two-year period, as a result of which fewer than a majority of the
        directors are Incumbent Directors. "Incumbent Directors" means directors
        who either (A) are Directors as of the date hereof, or (B) are elected,
        or nominated for election, to the Board with the affirmative votes of at
        least a majority of the Incumbent Directors at the time of such election
        or nomination (but will not include an individual whose election or
        nomination is in connection with an actual or threatened proxy contest
        relating to the election of directors to the Company); or

             (iv) The consummation of a merger or consolidation of the Company
        with any other corporation, other than a merger or consolidation which
        would result in the voting securities of the Company outstanding
        immediately prior thereto continuing to represent (either by remaining
        outstanding or by being converted into voting securities of the
        surviving entity or its parent) at least fifty percent (50%) of the
        total voting power represented by the voting securities of the Company
        or such surviving entity or its parent outstanding immediately after
        such merger or consolidation.

          c).  "Code" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

          d).  "Common Stock" means the common stock of the Company.

          e).  "Company" means Harmonic Inc., a Delaware corporation.

          f).   "Director" means a member of the Board.

          g).  "Disability" means total and permanent disability as defined in
     section 22(e)(3) of the Code.

          h).  "Employee" means any person, including officers and Directors,
     employed by the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary of the Company. The
     payment of a Director's fee by the Company shall not be sufficient in and
     of itself to constitute "employment" by the Company.

          i).  "Exchange Act" means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
     amended.

                                       A-1
<PAGE>

          j).  "Fair Market Value" means, as of any date, the value of Common
     Stock determined as follows:

             (i) If the Common Stock is listed on any established stock exchange
        or a national market system, including without limitation the Nasdaq
        National Market or The Nasdaq SmallCap Market of The Nasdaq Stock
        Market, its Fair Market Value shall be the closing sales price for such
        stock (or the closing bid, if no sales were reported) as quoted on such
        exchange or system for the last market trading day prior to the time of
        determination as reported in The Wall Street Journal or such other
        source as the Administrator deems reliable;

             (ii) If the Common Stock is regularly quoted by a recognized
        securities dealer but selling prices are not reported, the Fair Market
        Value of a Share of Common Stock shall be the mean between the high bid
        and low asked prices for the Common Stock for the last market trading
        day prior to the time of determination, as reported in The Wall Street
        Journal or such other source as the Board deems reliable; or

             (iii) In the absence of an established market for the Common Stock,
        the Fair Market Value thereof shall be determined in good faith by the
        Board.

          k).  "Inside Director" means a Director who is an Employee.

          l).  "Option" means a stock option granted pursuant to the Plan.

          m).  "Optioned Stock" means the Common Stock subject to an Option.

          n).  "Optionee" means a Director who holds an Option.

          o).  "Outside Director" means a Director who is not an Employee.

          p).  "Parent" means a "parent corporation," whether now or hereafter
     existing, as defined in Section 424(e) of the Code.

          q).  "Plan" means this 2002 Director Option Plan.

          r).  "Securities Act" means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

          s).  "Share" means a share of the Common Stock, as adjusted in
     accordance with Section 10 of the Plan.

          t).  "Subsidiary" means a "subsidiary corporation," whether now or
     hereafter existing, as defined in Section 424(f) of the Internal Revenue
     Code of 1986.

     3.  Stock Subject to the Plan.  Subject to the provisions of Section 10 of
the Plan, the maximum aggregate number of Shares which may be optioned and sold
under the Plan is 400,000 Shares (the "Pool"). The Shares may be authorized, but
unissued, or reacquired Common Stock.

     If an Option expires or becomes unexercisable without having been exercised
in full, the unpurchased Shares which were subject thereto shall become
available for future grant or sale under the Plan (unless the Plan has
terminated). Shares that have actually been issued under the Plan shall not be
returned to the Plan and shall not become available for future distribution
under the Plan.

     4.  Administration and Grants of Options under the Plan.

          a).  Procedure for Grants.  All grants of Options to Outside Directors
     under this Plan shall be automatic and nondiscretionary and shall be made
     strictly in accordance with the following provisions:

             (i) No person shall have any discretion to select which Outside
        Directors shall be granted Options or to determine the number of Shares
        to be covered by Options.

                                       A-2
<PAGE>

             (ii) Each Outside Director shall be automatically granted an Option
        to purchase 20,000 Shares (the "First Option") on the date on which the
        later of the following events occurs: (A) the effective date of this
        Plan, as determined in accordance with Section 6 hereof, or (B) the date
        on which such person first becomes an Outside Director, whether through
        election by the stockholders of the Company or appointment by the Board
        to fill a vacancy; provided, however, that an Inside Director who ceases
        to be an Inside Director but who remains a Director shall not receive a
        First Option.

             (iii) Each Outside Director shall be automatically granted an
        Option to purchase 10,000 Shares (a "Subsequent Option") on the date
        such Outside Director is reelected to the Board by the stockholders of
        the Company at the Company's annual meeting of stockholders or
        otherwise; provided that he or she is then an Outside Director and if,
        as of such date, he or she shall have served on the Board for at least
        the preceding six (6) months.

             (iv) Notwithstanding the provisions of subsections (ii) and (iii)
        hereof, any exercise of an Option granted before the Company has
        obtained stockholder approval of the Plan shall be conditioned upon
        obtaining such stockholder approval of the Plan.

             (v) The terms of a First Option granted hereunder shall be as
        follows:

                  A.  the term of the First Option shall be ten (10) years;

                  B.  the First Option shall be exercisable only while the
             Outside Director remains a Director of the Company, except as set
             forth in Sections 8 and 10 hereof;

                  C.  the exercise price per Share shall be 100% of the Fair
             Market Value per Share on the date of grant of the First Option;

                  D. subject to Section 10 hereof, the First Option shall become
             exercisable as to 1/36th of the Shares subject to the First Option
             at the end of each month following its date of grant, provided that
             the Optionee continues to serve as a Director on such dates.

             (vi) The terms of a Subsequent Option granted hereunder shall be as
        follows:

                  A.  the term of the Subsequent Option shall be ten (10) years;

                  B.  the Subsequent Option shall be exercisable only while the
             Outside Director remains a Director of the Company, except as set
             forth in Sections 8 and 10 hereof;

                  C.  the exercise price per Share shall be 100% of the Fair
             Market Value per Share on the date of grant of the Subsequent
             Option;

                  D.  subject to Section 10 hereof, the Subsequent Option shall
             become exercisable as to 1/12th of the Shares subject to the
             Subsequent Option at the end of each month following its date of
             grant, provided that the Optionee continues to serve as a Director
             on such dates.

             (vii) In the event that any Option granted under the Plan would
        cause the number of Shares subject to outstanding Options plus the
        number of Shares previously purchased under Options to exceed the Pool,
        then the remaining Shares available for Option grant shall be granted
        under Options to the Outside Directors on a pro rata basis. No further
        grants shall be made until such time, if any, as additional Shares
        become available for grant under the Plan through action of the Board or
        the stockholders to increase the number of Shares which may be issued
        under the Plan or through cancellation or expiration of Options
        previously granted hereunder.

     5.  Eligibility.  Options may be granted only to Outside Directors. All
Options shall be automatically granted in accordance with the terms set forth in
Section 4 hereof.
                                       A-3
<PAGE>

     The Plan shall not confer upon any Optionee any right with respect to
continuation of service as a Director or nomination to serve as a Director, nor
shall it interfere in any way with any rights which the Director or the Company
may have to terminate the Director's relationship with the Company at any time.

     6.  Term of Plan.  The Plan shall become effective upon its approval by the
stockholders of the Company. It shall continue in effect for a term of ten (10)
years unless sooner terminated under Section 11 of the Plan.

     7.  Form of Consideration.  The consideration to be paid for the Shares to
be issued upon exercise of an Option, including the method of payment, shall
consist of

          a).  cash;

          b).  check;

          c).  other shares which (x) in the case of Shares acquired upon
     exercise of an option, have been owned by the Optionee for more than six
     (6) months on the date of surrender, and (y) have a Fair Market Value on
     the date of surrender equal to the aggregate exercise price of the Shares
     as to which said Option shall be exercised;

          d).  consideration received by the Company under a cashless exercise
     program implemented by the Company in connection with the Plan; or

          e).  any combination of the foregoing methods of payment.

     8.  Exercise of Option.

          a).  Procedure for Exercise; Rights as a Stockholder.  Any Option
     granted hereunder shall be exercisable at such times as are set forth in
     Section 4 hereof; provided, however, that no Options shall be exercisable
     until stockholder approval of the Plan has been obtained.

          An Option may not be exercised for a fraction of a Share.

          An Option shall be deemed to be exercised when written notice of such
     exercise has been given to the Company in accordance with the terms of the
     Option by the person entitled to exercise the Option and full payment for
     the Shares with respect to which the Option is exercised has been received
     by the Company. Full payment may consist of any consideration and method of
     payment allowable under Section 7 of the Plan. Until the issuance (as
     evidenced by the appropriate entry on the books of the Company or of a duly
     authorized transfer agent of the Company) of the stock certificate
     evidencing such Shares, no right to vote or receive dividends or any other
     rights as a stockholder shall exist with respect to the Optioned Stock,
     notwithstanding the exercise of the Option. A share certificate for the
     number of Shares so acquired shall be issued to the Optionee as soon as
     practicable after exercise of the Option. No adjustment shall be made for a
     dividend or other right for which the record date is prior to the date the
     stock certificate is issued, except as provided in Section 10 of the Plan.

          Exercise of an Option in any manner shall result in a decrease in the
     number of Shares which thereafter may be available, both for purposes of
     the Plan and for sale under the Option, by the number of Shares as to which
     the Option is exercised.

          b).  Termination of Continuous Status as a Director.  Subject to
     Section 10 hereof, in the event an Optionee's status as a Director
     terminates (other than upon the Optionee's death or Disability), the
     Optionee may exercise his or her Option, but only within three (3) months
     following the date of such termination, and only to the extent that the
     Optionee was entitled to exercise it on the date of such termination (but
     in no event later than the expiration of its ten (10) year term). To the
     extent that the Optionee was not vested as to his or her entire Option on
     the date of such termination, the Shares covered by the unvested portion of
     the Option shall revert to the Plan. If, after termination, the Optionee
     does not exercise his or her Option within

                                       A-4
<PAGE>

     the time specified herein, the Option shall terminate, and the Shares
     covered by such Option shall revert to the Plan.

          c).  Disability of Optionee.  In the event Optionee's status as a
     Director terminates as a result of Disability, the Optionee may exercise
     his or her Option, but only within twelve (12) months following the date of
     such termination, and only to the extent that the Optionee was entitled to
     exercise it on the date of such termination (but in no event later than the
     expiration of its ten (10) year term). To the extent that the Optionee was
     not vested as to his or her entire Option on the date of termination, the
     Shares covered by the unvested portion of the Option shall revert to the
     Plan. If, after termination, the Optionee does not exercise his or her
     Option within the time specified herein, the Option shall terminate, and
     the Shares covered by such Option shall revert to the Plan.

          d).  Death of Optionee.  In the event of an Optionee's death, the
     Optionee's estate or a person who acquired the right to exercise the Option
     by bequest or inheritance may exercise the Option, but only within twelve
     (12) months following the date of death, and only to the extent that the
     Optionee was entitled to exercise it on the date of death (but in no event
     later than the expiration of its ten (10) year term). To the extent that
     the Optionee was not vested as to his or her entire Option on the date of
     death, the Shares covered by the unvested portion of the Option shall
     revert to the Plan. To the extent that the Optionee's estate or a person
     who acquired the right to exercise such Option does not exercise such
     Option (to the extent otherwise so entitled) within the time specified
     herein, the Option shall terminate, and the Shares covered by such Option
     shall revert to the Plan.

     9.  Non-Transferability of Options.  The Option may not be sold, pledged,
assigned, hypothecated, transferred, or disposed of in any manner other than by
will or by the laws of descent or distribution and may be exercised, during the
lifetime of the Optionee, only by the Optionee.

     10.  Adjustments Upon Changes in Capitalization, Dissolution, Merger or
Change-in-Control.

          a).  Changes in Capitalization.  Subject to any required action by the
     stockholders of the Company, the number of Shares covered by each
     outstanding Option, the number of Shares which have been authorized for
     issuance under the Plan but as to which no Options have yet been granted or
     which have been returned to the Plan upon cancellation or expiration of an
     Option, as well as the price per Share covered by each such outstanding
     Option, and the number of Shares issuable pursuant to the automatic grant
     provisions of Section 4 hereof shall be proportionately adjusted for any
     increase or decrease in the number of issued Shares resulting from a stock
     split, reverse stock split, stock dividend, combination or reclassification
     of the Common Stock, or any other increase or decrease in the number of
     issued Shares effected without receipt of consideration by the Company;
     provided, however, that conversion of any convertible securities of the
     Company shall not be deemed to have been "effected without receipt of
     consideration." Except as expressly provided herein, no issuance by the
     Company of shares of stock of any class, or securities convertible into
     shares of stock of any class, shall affect, and no adjustment by reason
     thereof shall be made with respect to, the number or price of Shares
     subject to an Option.

          b).  Dissolution or Liquidation.  In the event of the proposed
     dissolution or liquidation of the Company, to the extent that an Option has
     not been previously exercised, it shall terminate immediately prior to the
     consummation of such proposed action.

          c).  Merger or Change-in-Control.  In the event of a merger of the
     Company with or into another corporation or a Change-in-Control of the
     Company, outstanding Options may be assumed or equivalent options may be
     substituted by the successor corporation or a Parent or Subsidiary thereof
     (the "Successor Corporation"). If an option is assumed or substituted for,
     the Option or equivalent option shall continue to be exercisable as
     provided in Section 4 hereof for so long as the Optionee serves as a
     Director or a director of the Successor Corporation. In

                                       A-5
<PAGE>

     addition, whether or not the Successor Corporation assumes an outstanding
     option or substitutes for it an equivalent option, immediately upon a
     Change-in-Control each Option or option shall become fully vested and
     exercisable, including as to Shares for which it would not otherwise be
     exercisable. Thereafter, the Option or option shall remain exercisable in
     accordance with Section 8(b) through (d) above. In such event the Board
     shall notify the Optionee that the Option shall be fully exercisable for a
     period of no shorter than 3 (three) months from the date of such
     Change-in-Control.

          For the purposes of this Section 10(c), an Option shall be considered
     assumed if, following the merger or Change-in-Control, the Option confers
     the right to purchase or receive, for each Share of Optioned Stock subject
     to the Option immediately prior to the merger or Change-in-Control, the
     consideration (whether stock, cash, or other securities or property)
     received in the merger or Change-in-Control by holders of Common Stock for
     each Share held on the effective date of the transaction (and if holders
     were offered a choice of consideration, the type of consideration chosen by
     the holders of a majority of the outstanding Shares). If such consideration
     received in the merger or Change-in-Control is not solely common stock of
     the successor corporation or its Parent, the Administrator may, with the
     consent of the successor corporation, provide for the consideration to be
     received upon the exercise of the Option, for each Share of Optioned Stock
     subject to the Option, to be solely common stock of the successor
     corporation or its Parent equal in fair market value to the per share
     consideration received by holders of Common Stock in the merger or
     Change-in-Control.

     11.  Amendment and Termination of the Plan.

          a).  Amendment and Termination.  The Board may at any time amend,
     alter, suspend, or discontinue the Plan, but no amendment, alteration,
     suspension, or discontinuation shall be made which would impair the rights
     of any Optionee under any grant theretofore made, without his or her
     consent. In addition, to the extent necessary and desirable to comply with
     any applicable law, regulation or stock exchange rule, the Company shall
     obtain stockholder approval of any Plan amendment in such a manner and to
     such a degree as required.

          b).  Effect of Amendment or Termination.  Any such amendment or
     termination of the Plan shall not affect Options already granted and such
     Options shall remain in full force and effect as if this Plan had not been
     amended or terminated.

     12.  Time of Granting Options.  The date of grant of an Option shall, for
all purposes, be the date determined in accordance with Section 4 hereof.

     13.  Conditions Upon Issuance of Shares.  Shares shall not be issued
pursuant to the exercise of an Option unless the exercise of such Option and the
issuance and delivery of such Shares pursuant thereto shall comply with all
relevant provisions of law, including, without limitation, the Securities Act of
1933, as amended, the Exchange Act, the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder, state securities laws, and the requirements of any stock exchange
upon which the Shares may then be listed, and shall be further subject to the
approval of counsel for the Company with respect to such compliance.

     As a condition to the exercise of an Option, the Company may require the
person exercising such Option to represent and warrant at the time of any such
exercise that the Shares are being purchased only for investment and without any
present intention to sell or distribute such Shares, if, in the opinion of
counsel for the Company, such a representation is required by any of the
aforementioned relevant provisions of law.

     Inability of the Company to obtain authority from any regulatory body
having jurisdiction, which authority is deemed by the Company's counsel to be
necessary to the lawful issuance and sale of any Shares hereunder, shall relieve
the Company of any liability in respect of the failure to issue or sell such
Shares as to which such requisite authority shall not have been obtained.

                                       A-6
<PAGE>

     14.  Reservation of Shares.  The Company, during the term of this Plan,
will at all times reserve and keep available such number of Shares as shall be
sufficient to satisfy the requirements of the Plan.

     15.  Option Agreement.  Options shall be evidenced by written option
agreements in such form as the Board shall approve.

                                       A-7
<PAGE>

                                                                      EXHIBIT #1

                                 HARMONIC INC.

                         2002 DIRECTOR OPTION AGREEMENT

     Harmonic Inc., (the "Company"), has granted to ____________ (the
"Optionee"), an option to purchase a total of ____________ (____) shares of the
Company's Common Stock (the "Optioned Stock"), at the price determined as
provided herein, and in all respects subject to the terms, definitions and
provisions of the Company's 2002 Director Option Plan (the "Plan") adopted by
the Company which is incorporated herein by reference. The terms defined in the
Plan shall have the same defined meanings herein.

     1.  Nature of the Option.  This Option is a nonstatutory option and is not
intended to qualify for any special tax benefits to the Optionee.

     2.  Exercise Price.  The exercise price is $________ for each share of
Common Stock.

     3.  Exercise of Option.  This Option shall be exercisable during its term
in accordance with the provisions of Section 8 of the Plan as follows:

          a).  Right to Exercise.

             (i) This Option shall become exercisable in installments
        cumulatively with respect to ___ percent (__%) of the Optioned Stock one
        month after the date of grant, and as to an additional ___ percent (__%)
        of the Optioned Stock on each monthly anniversary of the date of grant,
        so that one hundred percent (100%) of the Optioned Stock shall be
        exercisable   years after the date of grant; provided, however, that in
        no event shall any Option be exercisable prior to the date the
        stockholders of the Company approve the Plan.

             (ii) This Option may not be exercised for a fraction of a share.

             (iii) In the event of Optionee's death, disability or other
        termination of service as a Director, the exercisability of the Option
        is governed by Section 8 of the Plan.

          b).  Method of Exercise.  This Option shall be exercisable by written
     notice which shall state the election to exercise the Option and the number
     of Shares in respect of which the Option is being exercised. Such written
     notice, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit 2, shall be signed by the
     Optionee and shall be delivered in person or by certified mail to the
     Secretary of the Company. The written notice shall be accompanied by
     payment of the exercise price.

     4.  Method of Payment.  Payment of the exercise price shall be by any of
the following, or a combination thereof, at the election of the Optionee:

          a).  cash;

          b).  check;

          c).  surrender of other shares which (x) in the case of Shares
     acquired upon exercise of an Option, have been owned by the Optionee for
     more than 6 (six) months on the date of surrender, and (y) have a Fair
     Market Value on the date of surrender equal to the aggregate exercise price
     of the Shares as to which said Option shall be exercised;

          d).  delivery of a properly executed exercise notice together with
     such other documentation as the Company and the broker, if applicable,
     shall require to effect an exercise of the Option and delivery to the
     Company of the sale or loan proceeds required to pay the exercise price; or

          e).  Any other term of consideration permitted under the Plan.

                                       A-8
<PAGE>

     5.  Restrictions on Exercise.  This Option may not be exercised if the
issuance of such Shares upon such exercise or the method of payment of
consideration for such shares would constitute a violation of any applicable
federal or state securities or other law or regulations, or if such issuance
would not comply with the requirements of any stock exchange upon which the
Shares may then be listed. As a condition to the exercise of this Option, the
Company may require Optionee to make any representation and warranty to the
Company as may be required by any applicable law or regulation.

     6.  Non-Transferability of Option.  This Option may not be transferred in
any manner otherwise than by will or by the laws of descent or distribution and
may be exercised during the lifetime of Optionee only by the Optionee. The terms
of this Option shall be binding upon the executors, administrators, heirs,
successors and assigns of the Optionee.

     7.  Term of Option.  This Option may not be exercised more than ten (10)
years from the date of grant of this Option, and may be exercised during such
period only in accordance with the Plan and the terms of this Option.

     8.  Taxation Upon Exercise of Option.  Optionee understands that, upon
exercise of this Option, he or she will recognize income for tax purposes in an
amount equal to the excess of the then Fair Market Value of the Shares purchased
over the exercise price paid for such Shares. Since the Optionee is subject to
Section 16(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, under certain
limited circumstances the measurement and timing of such income (and the
commencement of any capital gain holding period) may be deferred, and the
Optionee is advised to contact a tax advisor concerning the application of
Section 83 in general and the availability of a Section 83(b) election in
particular in connection with the exercise of the Option. Upon a resale of such
Shares by the Optionee, any difference between the sale price and the Fair
Market Value of the Shares on the date of exercise of the Option, to the extent
not included in income as described above, will be treated as capital gain or
loss.

                                          DATE OF GRANT:

        ------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                          HARMONIC INC.

                                          a Delaware corporation

                                          By:
                                            ------------------------------------

Optionee acknowledges receipt of a copy of the Plan, a copy of which is attached
hereto, and represents that he or she is familiar with the terms and provisions
thereof, and hereby accepts this Option subject to all of the terms and
provisions thereof. Optionee hereby agrees to accept as binding, conclusive and
final all decisions or interpretations of the Board upon any questions arising
under the Plan.

                                          Dated:
                                          --------------------------------------

                                          --------------------------------------
                                          Optionee

                                       A-9
<PAGE>

                                                                      EXHIBIT #2

                      2002 DIRECTOR OPTION EXERCISE NOTICE

Harmonic Inc.
549 Baltic Way
Sunnyvale, CA 94089
Attention: Corporate Secretary

     1.  Exercise of Option.  The undersigned ("Optionee") hereby elects to
exercise Optionee's option to purchase ____________ shares of Common Stock (the
"Shares") of Harmonic Inc. (the "Company") under and pursuant to the Company's
2002 Director Option Plan and the Director Option Agreement dated ____________
(the "Agreement").

     2.  Representations of Optionee.  Optionee acknowledges that Optionee has
received, read and understood the Agreement.

     3.  Federal Restrictions on Transfer.  Optionee understands that the Shares
must be held indefinitely unless they are registered under the Securities Act of
1933, as amended (the "1933 Act"), or unless an exemption from such registration
is available, and that the certificate(s) representing the Shares may bear a
legend to that effect. Optionee understands that the Company is under no
obligation to register the Shares and that an exemption may not be available or
may not permit Optionee to transfer Shares in the amounts or at the times
proposed by Optionee.

     4.  Tax Consequences.  Optionee understands that Optionee may suffer
adverse tax consequences as a result of Optionee's purchase or disposition of
the Shares. Optionee represents that Optionee has consulted with any tax
consultant(s) Optionee deems advisable in connection with the purchase or
disposition of the Shares and that Optionee is not relying on the Company for
any tax advice.

     5.  Delivery of Payment.  Optionee herewith delivers to the Company the
aggregate purchase price for the Shares that Optionee has elected to purchase
and has made provision for the payment of any federal or state withholding taxes
required to be paid or withheld by the Company.

     6.  Entire Agreement.  The Agreement is incorporated herein by reference.
This Exercise Notice and the Agreement constitute the entire agreement of the
parties and supersede in their entirety all prior undertakings and agreements of
the Company and Optionee with respect to the subject matter hereof. This
Exercise Notice and the Agreement are governed by Delaware law except for that
body of law pertaining to conflict of laws.

<Table>
<S>                                           <C>
Submitted by:                                 Accepted by:

OPTIONEE:                                     HARMONIC INC.

By:                                           By:
---------------------------------------       ---------------------------------------
                                              Its:
                                              ---------------------------------------

Address:
Dated:                                        Dated:
---------------------------------------       ---------------------------------------
</Table>

                                       A-10

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
