<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2.5
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>d02602exv2w5.txt
<DESCRIPTION>PROMISSORY NOTE
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                     EXHIBIT 2.5

                             SECURED PROMISSORY NOTE

U.S. $5,200,000.00                                    Effective November 1, 2002
                                                              Irvine, California

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, NEXTGEN COMMUNICATIONS CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation
(the "MAKER"), hereby promises to pay to JANE C. BARBER, an individual
("PAYEE"), at 315 Shadow Oaks, Irvine, California 92618 or at such other place
as Payee may designate to Maker in writing from time to time, the principal sum
of Five Million Two Hundred Thousand Dollars ($5,200,000.00), together with
interest on the outstanding principal balance hereof.

On the date hereof, the Maker and Payee entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement
(the "STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT"). This Note evidences the portion of the
consideration owed to the Payee under the Stock Purchase Agreement.

1.       Payments. Interest on the outstanding principal balance hereof shall be
         due and payable monthly, in arrears, commencing on June 1, 2003 and
         shall continue on the first day of each calendar month thereafter that
         any amounts under this Note are due and payable. Principal shall be due
         and payable in twenty equal installments of $250,000 each and one
         installment of $200,000 (which installment shall be the last
         installment). The installments of principal shall be due and payable
         commencing on November 1, 2003 and subsequent installments shall be due
         and payable on the first day of each February, May, August and November
         thereafter until the outstanding principal balance is paid in full. All
         payments in respect of the indebtedness evidenced hereby shall be made
         in collected funds, and shall be applied to principal, accrued interest
         and charges and expenses owing under or in connection with this Note in
         such order as Payee elects, except that payments shall be applied to
         accrued interest before principal.

2.       Interest. Interest shall accrue on the outstanding principal balance
         hereof at an annual rate equal to one percent (1.0%) in excess of the
         one-month London Interbank Offering Rate (as published in the Wall
         Street Journal and adjusted on the first day of each calendar month
         beginning on May 1, 2003). Interest shall accrue commencing on May 1,
         2003. Interest shall be calculated on the basis of a 360-day year and
         the actual number of days elapsed, to the extent permitted by
         applicable law.

3.       Security. This Note is secured by a Pledge and Escrow Agreement (the
         "ESCROW AGREEMENT") of even date herewith among the Frank J. Fradella,
         Maker, Payee and the escrow agent. Under no circumstances shall Maker
         take any action, or facilitate any other party to, cancel the stock
         being held as security to this Note.

4.       Events of Default. Time is of the essence of this Note. It is hereby
         expressly agreed that if any payment of principal or interest is not be
         paid within five (5) days of when due, or if any default or event of
         default occurs under this Note, the Stock Purchase Agreement or


<PAGE>


         the Escrow Agreement, subject to applicable grace or cure periods, if
         any (a "Default"), then, and in such event, the entire outstanding
         principal balance of the indebtedness evidenced hereby, together with
         unpaid interest accrued thereon and any other sums advanced hereunder,
         shall, at the option of Payee and without notice or demand to Maker, at
         once become due and payable and may be collected forthwith, regardless
         of the stipulated date of payment or maturity. Upon the occurrence of
         any default hereunder, the outstanding principal balance under this
         Note shall thereupon immediately bear interest at eighteen (18%)
         percent per year, commencing on the date immediately following the day
         on which the default occurred, without notice to Maker or any guarantor
         or endorser of this Note, and without any affirmative action or
         declaration on the part of Payee.

5.       Remedies. In the event this Note is placed in the hands of an attorney
         for collection or for enforcement or protection of the security, or if
         Payee incurs any costs incident to the collection of the indebtedness
         evidenced hereby or the enforcement or protection of the security,
         Maker agrees to pay to Payee a reasonable attorneys' fee, all court and
         other costs and the reasonable costs of any other collection efforts,
         including all costs incurred in collecting any judgment and in any
         appellate or bankruptcy proceeding. Maker agrees to pay any documentary
         stamp taxes, intangible taxes or other taxes which may now or hereafter
         apply to this Note or any payment made in respect of this Note.

6.       Waivers. No delay or omission on the part of Payee in the exercise of
         any right hereunder shall operate as a waiver of such right or of any
         other right under this Note. A waiver by Payee of any right or remedy
         conferred to it hereunder on any one occasion shall not be construed as
         a bar to, or waiver of, any such right and/or remedy as to any future
         occasion. Maker and all persons now or hereafter becoming obligated or
         liable for the payment hereof do jointly and severally waive demand,
         notice of non-payment, protest, notice of dishonor and presentment. No
         failure to accelerate the indebtedness evidenced hereby by reason of
         default hereunder, acceptance of a past-due installment or other
         indulgences granted from time to time, shall be construed as a novation
         of this Note or as a waiver of such right of acceleration or of the
         right of Payee thereafter to insist upon strict compliance with the
         terms of this Note or to prevent the exercise of such right of
         acceleration or any other right granted hereunder or by applicable law.

7.       Usury. No Maker intends or expects to pay, nor does Payee intend or
         expect to charge, collect or accept, any interest greater than the
         highest legal rate of interest which may be charged under any
         applicable law. Should the acceleration hereof or any charges made
         hereunder result in the computation or earning of interest in excess of
         such legal rate, any and all such excess shall be and the same is
         hereby waived by Payee, and any such excess shall be credited by Payee
         to the principal balance hereof.

8.       No Notice. Maker, endorser, or any other person, firm or corporation
         now or hereafter becoming liable for the payment of the loan evidenced
         by this Note, hereby consents to any renewals, extensions,
         modifications, release of security, or any indulgence shown to or any
         dealings between Payee and any party now or hereafter obligated
         hereunder, without notice, and jointly and severally agree, that they
         shall remain liable hereunder


                                       2
<PAGE>


         notwithstanding any such renewals, extensions, modifications or
         indulgences, until the debt evidenced hereby is fully paid.

9.       Prepayment. The principal may be prepaid in whole or in part at any
         time prior to the maturity of this Note. There is no prepayment fee or
         penalty. Each prepayment of the principal shall be applied against the
         payments last due under this Note. No partial prepayment of the
         principal shall act to suspend, postpone or waive any regularly
         scheduled payment of the principal and/or interest due under this Note.

10.      Governing Law. This Note shall be construed and enforced according to
         the laws of the State of California, excluding all principles of choice
         of laws, conflict of laws or comity. Each person now or hereafter
         becoming obligated for the payment of the indebtedness evidenced hereby
         consents to personal jurisdiction and venue in Irvine, California, in
         the event of any litigation in any way arising out of this Note, or any
         property given as security for the amounts evidenced by this Note.

11.      Consent; Assignment; Modification. This Note shall be binding on the
         successors and assigns of Maker. Maker may not assign this Note without
         the written consent of Payee. This Note shall inure to the benefit of
         the Payee's successors, assigns, heirs or personal representatives. The
         term "Payee" used herein shall include any future holder of this Note.
         The terms of this Note may not be changed orally.

12.      Severability. Whenever possible each provision of this Note shall be
         interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under
         applicable law, but if any provision of this Note shall be prohibited
         or invalid under such law, such provision shall be ineffective to the
         extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the
         remainder of such provision or the remaining provisions of this Note.

13.      Subordination. Maker may in the future request Payee to subordinate all
         or a portion of the outstanding balance due hereunder. Payee shall
         consider such request upon its receipt and will promptly notify Maker
         (i) if she is willing to so subordinate and (ii), if she is so willing,
         the terms upon which such subordination would be acceptable to Payee.
         Payee's agreement to subordinate shall be subject to Payee agreeing to
         the terms of a written contract, the terms of which shall be
         satisfactory to Payee in her sole discretion.

14.      JURY TRIAL. MAKER HEREBY KNOWINGLY, VOLUNTARILY AND INTENTIONALLY
         WAIVES THE RIGHT WHICH IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY OF ANY CLAIM,
         DEMAND, ACTION OR CAUSE OF ACTION BASED HEREON, OR ARISING OUT OF,
         UNDER OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH THE DEALINGS BETWEEN PAYEE AND
         MAKER, THIS NOTE, OR ANY DOCUMENTS EXECUTED IN CONNECTION HEREWITH, OR
         ANY COURSE OF CONDUCT, COURSE OF DEALING, STATEMENTS (WHETHER ORAL OR
         WRITTEN) OR ACTIONS OF ANY PARTY HERETO OR THERETO IN EACH CASE WHETHER
         NOW EXISTING OR HEREAFTER ARISING, AND WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT,
         EQUITY OR OTHERWISE. THIS PROVISION IS A MATERIAL INDUCEMENT FOR PAYEE
         EXTENDING THE LOAN EVIDENCED BY THIS NOTE.


                                       3
<PAGE>



         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Note is executed by the undersigned as of the
date hereof.



                                     NEXTGEN COMMUNICATIONS
                                     CORPORATION



                                     By:   /s/ FRANK FRADELLA
                                        ---------------------------------------
                                           Frank Fradella, President

                                        Date: November 15, 2002



                                       4

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
