<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.7
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex10no7.txt
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.7 Fifth  Amendment to Loan  Agreement  with Zions First National Bank
Dated November 15, 2002

         This Fifth Amendment to Loan Agreement  (this  "Amendment") is made and
entered into by and between MERIT MEDICAL SYSTEMS,  INC., MERIT HOLDINGS,  INC.,
and SENTIR  SEMICONDUCTOR,  INC.  (collectively  referred to as "Borrowers") and
ZIONS FIRST NATIONAL BANK ("Lender").

                                    Recitals

         A. Borrowers and Lender entered into that certain  Amended and Restated
Loan Agreement dated August 11, 1999 (the "Agreement").

         B.  The  Agreement  has  been  amended  by a  First  Amendment  to Loan
Agreement dated March 14, 2000, a Second Amendment to Loan Agreement dated March
5, 2001, a Third  Amendment to Loan  Agreement  dated July 1, 2001, and a Fourth
Amendment to Loan Agreement dated September 7, 2001 (collectively, the "Previous
Amendments").

         C.  Borrowers  and  Lender  desire  to  further  modify  and  amend the
Agreement as provided herein.

                                    Amendment

         For good and valuable  consideration,  the receipt and  sufficiency  of
which are hereby  acknowledged,  Borrowers and Lender hereby agree and amend and
modify the Agreement as follows:

         1. Definitions.  Except as otherwise  expressly provided herein,  terms
assigned  defined  meanings  in  the  Agreement,  as  amended  by  the  Previous
Amendments, shall have the same defined meanings in this Amendment.

         2. Amended  Definition.  The definition of "Facility Amount" in Section
1.1 of the Agreement,  as previously amended, is amended in its entirety to read
as follows:

         "Facility Amount" means five hundred thousand dollars ($500,000.00).

         3. Conditions to Effectiveness  of Amendment.  The amendments set forth
above shall become  effective,  as of the date and year set forth below, on such
date (the "Fifth Amendment Effective Date") when the following  conditions shall
have been satisfied in a form and substance acceptable to Lender:

                  a. This Amendment and all other documents contemplated by this
         Amendment  to be  delivered  to Lender prior to funding have been fully
         executed and delivered to Lender.

                  b. All other conditions  precedent provided in or contemplated
         by the Agreement,  the Security  Documents,  or any other  agreement or
         document has been performed.

                  c. As of the Fifth  Amendment  Effective  Date,  the following
         shall be true and correct: (1) all 0representations and warranties made
         by  Borrowers  in the  Agreement  are true and  correct as of the Fifth
         Amendment  Effective  Date;  and (2) no Event of Default  has  occurred
         under the Agreement and no conditions  exist and no event has occurred,
         which, with the passage of time or the giving of notice, or both, would
         constitute an Event of Default under the Agreement.

         4.  Collateral.  The Loan and the  Promissory  Note are  secured by the
collateral identified in and contemplated by the Agreement,  including,  without
limitation,  the various Security Agreements dated August 11, 1999 and any other
Security  Agreements  subsequently  executed by Borrowers and by the  Collateral
described in Section 3.1 Collateral of the Agreement, as amended by the Previous
Amendments.
<PAGE>

         5.  Representations  and  Warranties.  Each Borrower hereby affirms and
again  makes  the   representations  and  warranties  set  forth  in  Article  5
Representations  and  Warranties  of the  Agreement  as of the  Fifth  Amendment
Effective  Date.  Each Borrower  represents and warrants that there have been no
changes to the Organizational Documents of such Borrower since August 11, 1999.

         6.  Authorization.  Each  Borrower  represents  and  warrants  that the
execution,  delivery, and performance by such Borrower of this Amendment and all
agreements,  documents,  obligations,  and transactions herein contemplated have
been duly  authorized by all  necessary  action on the part of such Borrower and
are not  inconsistent  with  such  Borrower's  Organizational  Documents  or any
resolution  of the  Board of  Directors  of such  Borrower,  do not and will not
contravene  any  provision  of, or constitute a default  under,  any  indenture,
mortgage,  contract, or other instrument to which such Borrower is a party or by
which it is bound, and that upon execution and delivery  hereof,  this Amendment
will  constitute a legal,  valid,  and binding  agreement and obligation of each
Borrower, enforceable in accordance with their respective terms.

         7. Payment of Expenses and  Attorney's  Fees.  Borrowers  shall pay all
reasonable  expenses  of  Lender  relating  to  the  negotiation,   drafting  of
documents, and documentation of this Amendment,  including,  without limitation,
title insurance, recording fees, filing fees, and reasonable attorney's fees and
legal expenses. If such expenses are not promptly paid, Lender is authorized and
directed,  upon  execution of this  Amendment and  fulfillment of all conditions
precedent hereunder, to disburse a sufficient amount of the Loan proceeds to pay
in full these expenses.

         8.  Agreement  Remains in Full Force and  Effect.  Except as  expressly
amended or modified by this Amendment,  the Agreement,  as previously amended by
the Previous Amendments, remains in full force and effect.

         9.  Counterpart  Execution.  This  Amendment may be executed in several
counterparts,  without the requirement  that all parties sign each  counterpart.
Each of such counterparts  shall be an original,  but all counterparts  together
shall constitute one and the same instrument.

         10. Integrated Agreement;  Amendment. This Amendment, together with the
Agreement,  the Restated Promissory Note, the Security  Documents,  the Previous
Amendments, and the other agreements,  documents,  obligations, and transactions
contemplated  by the Agreement,  the Previous  Amendments,  and this  Amendment,
constitute  the entire  agreements  and  understandings  between the parties and
supersede all other prior and contemporaneous  agreements and may not be altered
or amended except by written  agreement signed by the parties.  PURSUANT TO UTAH
CODE SECTION  25-5-4,  BORROWERS ARE NOTIFIED THAT THESE  AGREEMENTS ARE A FINAL
EXPRESSION OF THE AGREEMENT  BETWEEN  LENDER AND BORROWERS AND THESE  AGREEMENTS
MAY NOT BE  CONTRADICTED  BY EVIDENCE OF ANY ALLEGED ORAL  AGREEMENT.  All other
prior and contemporaneous agreements,  arrangements, and under-standings between
the parties  hereto as to the subject  matter  hereof are,  except as  otherwise
expressly provided herein, rescinded.

         Dated:  November 15, 2002.

                 MERIT MEDICAL SYSTEMS, INC.


                 By: /s/ Kent Stanger
                    -----------------------------------------------------------
                         Kent Stanger
                         Chief Financial Officer


                 MERIT HOLDINGS, INC.


                 By: /s/ Kent Stanger
                    -----------------------------------------------------------
                         Kent Stanger
                         Chief Financial Officer

                                       2
<PAGE>

                 SENTIR SEMICONDUCTOR, INC.


                 By: /s/ Kent Stanger
                    -----------------------------------------------------------
                         Kent Stanger
                         Chief Financial Officer


                 ZIONS FIRST NATIONAL BANK

                     /s/ Jim C. Stanchfield
                 By:-----------------------------------------------------------
                         Jim C. Stanchfield
                         Vice President


                                       3









</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
