<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.Q
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>g81312exv10wq.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (FLOYD G. HOFFMAN)
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                   EXHIBIT (10q)
[R RUSSELL LOGO]                                     JACK WARD
                                                     CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT AND CEO


                                December 8, 1998


Mr. Floyd G. Hoffman
30 Westwood Lane
Lincolnshire, Illinois 60069

Dear Floyd:

         I am delighted to offer you the position of Senior Vice President,
General Counsel and Secretary of Russell Corporation ("Russell") based on the
terms set forth below:

         1.       You will start no later than January 17, 1999.

         2.       Your annual salary will be $230,000. Since our review cycle is
                  March 1, your first increase will be March 1, 2000.

         3.       You will be eligible for an annual bonus of 100% with a
                  midpoint (target) of 50%. Russell will guarantee you a 50%
                  bonus for 1999.

         4.       You will receive stock options for 50,000 shares of Russell
                  stock based on the price on your first day of work. This is a
                  combination of a hiring incentive and a move up of options
                  that would normally be given in February.

         5.       Russell will pay your relocation expenses grossed up for
                  taxes. This includes Russell or its agent purchasing your
                  house at fair market value after a reasonable period of time
                  for you to sell it on your own in accordance with the terms of
                  Russell's relocation policy which will be applicable to
                  specific employees and which we expect to announce shortly.

         6.       In case a former employer exercises its discretion to cause
                  you to forfeit, solely as a result of your coming to work for
                  Russell, any shares of restricted stock (together with the
                  accumulated dividends thereon) which your former employer
                  granted to you and which in accordance with your agreements
                  with your former employer you are still eligible to receive on
                  the date hereof, Russell will promptly grant you a number of
                  restricted shares of Russell Corporation stock that have a
                  fair market value as of their grant date equal to the fair
                  market value of the restricted stock and the related
                  accumulated dividends, in each case determined as of the
                  forfeiture date and without reduction for such risk of
                  forfeiture. Those Russell shares will be issued as restricted
                  shares under Russell's long-term incentive plan and will vest
                  over a three-year period from the date of issuance, one third
                  of such shares to vest each year. You will make every
                  reasonable effort to avoid such forfeiture, and Russell will
                  reimburse you for any reasonable legal fees that you may incur
                  in doing so.

RUSSELL CORPORATION
755 LEE STREET - P.O. BOX 272
ALEXANDER CITY, ALABAMA 35011-0272 - (256) 500-5900 - FAX (256) 500-5995

<PAGE>
Mr. Floyd G. Hoffman
December 8, 1998
Page Two


     7.   If Russell terminates your employment without cause or you terminate
          because of constructive discharge, you will receive:

          -   one year's salary and one year's bonus at target payable on
              Russell's regular payment dates for such items during the year
              following your termination (which amounts will be paid to unless
              you are employed during such period by a competitor of Russell);

          -   immediate vesting of all stock options or other equity awards, and
              you will be treated with respect to these options and awards as if
              you were a retiree under the Russell's long-term incentive plan;

          -   payment of the relocation expenses of a move back to Chicago on
              the same basis as item 5 above sets forth for the move to
              Russell's location, if you relocate to Chicago during the year
              following your termination (provided you are not being employed
              by a competitor of Russell); and

          -   continued coverage under the Russell medical and life insurance
              benefit plans applicable to executives for one year following
              termination of employment.

          "Cause" for this purpose is your committing any felony or other
          crime involving dishonesty, willful and material wrong doing or your
          repeated or willful failure to perform duties assigned to you which
          are consistent with  your option in accordance with reasonable
          directions given to you to perform such duties, but shall not include
          bad judgment, negligence, any act or omission you believe in good
          faith to have been in, or not opposed to, the interest of Russell.
          "Constructive discharge" for this purpose is any termination of
          employment by you after any action by Russell which results in a
          diminution or other material adverse change in the position,
          authority, duties, compensation or benefits of your employment, or
          that requires (without your consent) a change of more than 25 miles in
          your place of employment.

     If you agree with the terms outlined above, please inform me in writing to
confirm your acceptance of this position. We look forward to your joining us at
Russell.


                                        Sincerely yours,
                                        RUSSELL CORPORATION

                                        /s/ Jack Ward

                                        Jack Ward


jk
RUSSELL CORPORATION
755 LEE STREET  -  P.O. BOX 272
ALEXANDER CITY, ALABAMA  35011-0272  - (256) 500-4000

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
