<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>exhibit11.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.11
<TEXT>
PUBLIC RELATIONS AGREEMENT

This public  relations  services  agreement  is entered into on this 18th day of
March,  2003, by Reach Group  Communications,  LLC  ("Reach"),  a Nevada Limited
Liability  Company,   and  Hansen  Beverage  Company,  a  Delaware   Corporation
("Hansen's").

Scope of Work

The services that will be provided by Reach to Hansen's are described in Exhibit
1 and 2.

Budget and Payment Terms

It is agreed that the total budget to provide the services described in Exhibit
1 and Exhibit 2 is $____.

First Payment:  The first payment of $____ is due on or before Friday, March 21,
2003.

Second Payment:  The second payment of $____ is due on or before Tuesday,  April
1, 2003.

Third Payment: The third payment of $____ is due on or before Tuesday, April 15,
2003.

Fourth Payment: The third payment of $____ is due on or before Wednesday,  April
30, 2003.

After the  payments  listed above are made, a balance of $____ will be allocated
by  Hansen's  to Reach  Group for PR  services.  Specific  services  and monthly
allocation  of the balance  will be mutually  agreed upon by Reach and  Hansen's
from time to time as and when rendered.

It is agreed that Reach may not commence  work on this  project  until the first
payment is received  and may,  at its sole  discretion,  suspend  work until the
first payment or any progress payments are received.  If payments are late Reach
will notify Hansen's by e-mail or fax if payments and request payment to be made
within three business days prior to suspending  work.  Suspension of the project
may result in a revised project completion date.

Additional Expenses

Pre-approved additional expenses may be submitted to Hansen's by Reach Group for
a period of up to 90 days after the  completion of your  projects.  All payments
for additional expenses are due net 10 days.

Cancellation Policy

With the  exception  of the New York  and Las  Vegas  media  events,  Reach  and
Hansen's may  terminate  this  agreement  at will upon 30 days  written  notice.
Hansen's  will  be  responsible  for  service   payment(s)   during  the  30-day
cancellation  period.  All monies due to Reach from  Hansen's for all  completed
work and any  cancellation  fees  from  Reach  subcontractors  will be paid upon
termination  notification  in full. Work completed by Reach will not be released
to the Hansen's until  cancellation fees and all outstanding  balances have been
paid in full. Cancellation charges will be as follows:

Copyrights

Reach is an independent contractor to Hansen's for all services contained herein
and in future projects unless specifically agreed otherwise in writing.

<PAGE>

Hansen's retains the ownership and copyrights for all text,  graphics,  artwork,
audio and video  content on all  projects  created for or provided by  Hansen's.
Hansen's has exclusive  rights of ownership,  assignments,  licensing and use of
this content,  as well as the right to create  derivative  works of this content
unless the work, video, programming scripts, etc., are the intellectual or other
property of a third party.

Unless specified otherwise under separate  agreement,  Reach grants indefinitely
to  Hansen's  the right to use any work  created  by Reach  unless  said work is
already established as the Intellectual Property of a third party. Reach retains
the ownership of these operating elements and may use them in other projects not
related to the asset created for Hansen's.

Attorney's Fees

Except as set forth  below,  each  party to this  agreement  shall  bear its own
attorney  fees.  If any party to this  agreement  initiates  any  litigation  to
enforce any of the provisions of this Agreement,  the prevailing  party shall be
entitled to recover all of its  reasonable  attorneys'  fees and costs as set by
the court.

SIGNATURE:  HANSEN BEVERAGE COMPANY

The  undersigned  acknowledges  that  he/she has full  authority  to bind Hansen
Beverage Company,  financially or otherwise,  to this contract and agrees to all
aspects of this agreement and its exhibits.


Agreed: /s/ RODNEY C. SACKS
           --------------------------


Print
Name:  Rodney C. Sacks

Print
Title:   Chief Executive Officer/Chairman

Date:   March 18, 2003



SIGNATURE: REACH COMMUNICATIONS GROUP, LLC

The  undersigned  acknowledges  that  he/she has full  authority  to bind Hansen
Beverage Company,  financially or otherwise,  to this contract and agrees to all
aspects of this agreement and its exhibits.

Agreed: /s/ PATRICK A. PHARRIS

               Financially  Authorized  Representative  of Reach  Communications
               Group, LLC
Print
Name:  Patrick A. Pharris

Print
Title: Partner & President

Date:  March 18, 2003


<PAGE>

                          Hansen's Monster Energy Drink
             Public Relations Initiatives for the Las Vegas Monorail
                              As of March 14, 2003

                                    Exhibit 1



NEW YORK UNVEILING
The  Hansen's  Monster  Energy  Drink train will be the first  advertiser-themed
train of the Las Vegas Monorail.

While this  four-car  train is expected  to make its  journey  across the United
States from the Bombardier  manufacturing facility in Kingston,  Ontario, Canada
on four separate flat-bed semi trucks, the second nose-car of the train, will be
Monster-branded  and make one detour to Manhattan,  New York where a major media
event will take place.

o        Event Date

     The event in New York will take place on Wednesday, April 23, 2003.

o        Location

     As allowable by New York City permitting,  the event will take place in one
     of the following  locations:  Wall Street,  in front of the NYSE  building;
     Rockefeller Plaza; Time Square or Central Park.

o        Event Creative Concept

     The Hansen's  Monster Energy  Drink-themed  train of the Las Vegas Monorail
     will be unveiled in a  spectacular  visual  media event in  Manhattan,  New
     York. During the unveiling ceremony,  the monorail car will be covered with
     a  shroud  bearing  the  Monster  and  Las  Vegas  Monorail  logos.  A  Las
     Vegas-themed skyline backdrop/facade will rise from behind the monorail car
     (pending). Las Vegas-style music will play on a public address system while
     several  showgirls  saunter out from behind the semi truck.  The  showgirls
     will  escort  the  Chairman  of the  Las  Vegas  Monorail  Company  and the
     President  of   Bombardier  to  the  podium  from  where  will  make  short
     introduction  announcements  (not to  exceed  2-minutes  each) to dozens of
     television, radio, print and Internet news reporters, VIPs, invited members
     of the investment  community and the general public. The Chairman of the LV
     Monorail Company will then publicly introduce, congratulate and welcome the
     Chairman of Hansen's who will also make a few short  comments and show on a

                                       1

<PAGE>

     large  video  screen,  an  animation  of the  Hansen's-Monster  train as it
     travels  down  the  monorail  route  through  Las  Vegas.  Then,  with  the
     assistance  of one  showgirl,  Hansen's  Chairman  will "pull the arm of an
     unveiling slot machine" which will suddenly remove the shroud to unveil the
     first  corporate-themed  train of the Las  Vegas  Monorail.  More than 1000
     helium  balloons  will rise from  behind  the Las  Vegas-themed  facade and
     confetti cannons will fire confetti  simultaneously  into the air above the
     train. Music will commence once again.

     Immediately  following  the visual  event the  Chairman  of  Hansen's,  the
     Chairman  of the  Las  Vegas  Monorail  and  the  President  of  Bombardier
     participate in the dozens of interviews described above.

o        Anticipated Media Participation

     The event will  primarily  feature an unveiling of the train car and a live
     tour of the car by the hosts or primary  reporter  of NBC's The Today Show,
     ABC's Good Morning America or CBS' The Morning Show. Additional media tours
     of the  Monster-themed  monorail  car and  interviews  with the Chairman of
     Hansen's,  the Chairman of the Las Vegas Monorail Company and the President
     of  Bombardier  will  be  conducted  by  dozens  of  newspaper,   magazine,
     television  and radio  reporters  who are  expected to attend the event and
     tour the car throughout the day.

o        Media Outreach

     Hundreds  of hours will be  dedicated  to the  pitching  and  placement  of
     newspaper,  magazine,  Internet and radio interviews.  A Video News Release
     will be  produced  on site  and  made  available  via  satellite  to  every
     television station in North America and to the domestic news bureaus of the
     top 10 international  television news services.  Live television interviews
     will be conducted on site via satellite with  television  stations from the
     primary target  markets of Las Vegas and Hansen's.  A feature press release
     will be  distributed  nationally on Business  Wire, PR Newswire or Internet
     Wire and a news photo stringer will be retained to distribute photos of the
     event on several news wire services.  The Las Vegas Convention and Visitors
     Authority will be approached by Reach Group to assist in the media outreach
     effort through the  distribution of press documents and photographs via the
     Las Vegas News Bureau.

                                       2
<PAGE>


LAS VEGAS ARRIVAL

     When the  Hansen's  Monster-themed  monorail  train  nose car  arrives on a
     flatbed  semi  truck  in Las  Vegas  it  will be  greeted  with  grand  Las
     Vegas-style fanfare.

o        Event Date

     The event in Las Vegas will take place on Wednesday, April 30, 2003.

o        Location

     The event will take  place in the  parking  lot  adjacent  to the  monorail
     "barn"  which is  located  on the  corner  of  Paradise  Drive  and  Sahara
     Boulevard. This is the same location at which the Las Vegas Monorail Ground
     Breaking Ceremony took place in August of 2001.

o        Event Creative Concept

     The semi truck carrying the Monster-imaged train will drive slowly into the
     parking lot and drive  through or under a Las Vegas / Las Vegas  Monorail /
     Monster-themed  banner.  On the  other  side  of  the  banner  hundreds  of
     applauding  business leaders,  federal,  state and local elected officials,
     executives  from the  companies  that  have  built the  monorail  and media
     representatives  will  applaud  the  arrival.  The semi  will  pull up to a
     staging  area where  presentations  will be made by the Governor of Nevada,
     the Chairman of the Las Vegas  Monorail  Company,  the Chairman of Hansen's
     and the  President  of  Bombardier  (each  not to exceed 2  minutes).  Upon
     conclusion of the presentation,  an animation of the Hansen's-Monster train
     as it travels down the monorail  route through Las Vegas will be shown on a
     large video screen to everyone in attendance.

     When the video has concluded, Las Vegas-style music will play on the public
     address  system and a dozen  showgirls will emerge from behind the train to
     set the stage for the next visual event.

     The Chairman of Hansen's,  along with one showgirl, will crash an oversized
     can of Monster  (made of sugar and larger than a  Champagne  Magnum) on the
     front  of  the  monorail  train   proclaiming  the  particular   train  the
     "advertiser-named"  train (for purposes of the bond covenants,  this naming
     designation will not be an official naming of the car).  Simultaneous  with
     the  Monster  can  crash,  Roman  Candle-style  fireworks  will shoot 20 to
     30-feet into the sky,  1,000 helium  balloons will be released and confetti
     cannons will shoot into the air above the train and staging area.

                                       3
<PAGE>

o        Media Outreach

     Hundreds  of hours will be  dedicated  to the  pitching  and  placement  of
     newspaper,  magazine,  Internet and radio interviews.  A Video News Release
     will be  produced  on site  and  made  available  via  satellite  to  every
     television station in North America and to the domestic news bureaus of the
     top 10 international  television news services.  Live television interviews
     will be conducted on site via satellite with  television  stations from the
     primary target  markets of Las Vegas and Hansen's.  A feature press release
     will be  distributed  nationally on Business  Wire, PR Newswire or Internet
     Wire and a news photo stringer will be retained to distribute photos of the
     event on several news wire services.  The Las Vegas Convention and Visitors
     Authority will be approached by Reach Group to assist in the media outreach
     effort through the  distribution of press documents and photographs via the
     Las Vegas News Bureau.



POST-EVENT MEDIA OUTREACH

From the  conclusion  of the New York and Las Vegas media events and  throughout
2004,  an on-going  effort of media  follow-up  and new media  outreach  will be
conducted  by Reach  Group on behalf of Hansen's  Monster  Energy  Drink.  These
initiatives, which will be developed after the events in New York and Las Vegas,
are planned to be conducted in  cooperation  with the Las Vegas  Monorail and as
appropriate, with the participating casino resorts, the Las Vegas Convention and
Visitors  Authority,  and the  retailers  and  promotional  partners of Hansen's
Monster Energy Drink.



CAMPAIGN GOALS

The overall goal of the Hansen's - Monster Las Vegas Monorail public relations
campaign is:

o To promote Hansen's Monster product as the first advertiser of the Las Vegas
Monorail.

o To generate substantial media coverage and thereby consumer awareness of the
Monster brand.

                                       4
<PAGE>

o    To leverage the news value of the Las Vegas Monorail to the benefit of the
     Monster train as the first train on the track and throughout the monorail
     test period and the term of the Monster contract.

o    To generate the quantity and quality of pre-opening public awareness and
     media coverage necessary to help generate the projected 40+ million rides
     of the Las Vegas Monorail.

o    To position the Las Vegas Monorail as "the" icon in Las Vegas that is a
     "must-experience" attraction as well as the most efficient means of
     transportation in "the most visited city in the world".

o    To build a "ground swell" of media coverage that will inform consumers, the
     travel industry, the business community, the financial community and local
     residents about the features and benefits of the Las Vegas Monorail.




</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
