<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>exhibit09.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.9
<TEXT>


                          ADVERTISING DISPLAY AGREEMENT
     This Advertising  Display  Agreement (the  "Agreement") is made and entered
into  this 17th day of  March,  2003,  by and  between  the Las  Vegas  Monorail
Company, a Nevada non-profit corporation ("Owner"), and Hansen Beverage Company,
a Delaware corporation ("Advertiser"), with reference to the following facts and
purposes:

     A. Owner is causing to be built a mass transit monorail system known as the
Las Vegas Monorail(TM) (the "Monorail"), to be used for public transportation in
the Las Vegas  Strip  resort  corridor,  which is  expected  to open for revenue
service in early 2004. In connection with the Monorail transportation  services,
Owner will make available space for  advertising and promotional  displays in or
upon the Monorail vehicles and stations.

     B. Advertiser has reviewed advertising and promotional opportunities on the
Monorail and desires to advertise on the Monorail.

     Now,  therefore,  in  consideration of the foregoing and for other good and
valuable  consideration,  the  receipt  and  sufficiency  of  which  are  hereby
acknowledged, the parties agree as follows:

     1. Contract Price and Location of Advertising  Displays.  Advertiser  shall
pay to Owner the sum of $____ per year (the  "Contract  Price") for the right to
place advertising and promotional displays on and the right to decorate both the
exterior  and  interior of the 4-car  vehicle  scheduled  to be delivered to Las
Vegas in or about March 2003 (the "Vehicle")  (together  "Advertising"),  except
that  Advertising  may not (i) be placed on the inside or outside of the vehicle
windows  without  the  prior  written  consent  of  Owner  nor (ii)  exceed  the
limitations  in Section 3(b) of the Standard  Terms.  Advertiser  has  submitted
preliminary advertising designs and decorations for and advertising to appear on
the Vehicle as illustrated on Appendix 1 hereto (which are in draft form and may
be altered  prior to production  at the  discretion  of  Advertiser  pursuant to
Paragraph 9), and which  contemplate  the entire exterior of the Vehicle as well
as the floor,  seating surfaces,  overhead light panels, the outside face of the
interior  control boxes,  and other surfaces of the interior of the Vehicle,  as
shown on the drawings  attached as Appendix 1, being covered with film depicting
the aforesaid  designs,  decorations and advertising.  Owner hereby warrants and
represents  that such  designs,  decorations  and  advertising  and any  similar
designs,  decorations  and  advertising  which cover a similar  area of both the
exterior and interior of the Vehicle, do not exceed the limitations contemplated
in Section 3 (b) of the Standard  Terms.  Owner may  coordinate  its designs and
color  schemes for the remainder of the  Vehicle's  interior  with  Advertiser's
designs and decoration  such that the aesthetics and designs of the interior are
compatible.  The  Advertising  further  includes  the  right to  install 4 video
displays,  fixtures,  fittings,  and other  Advertising  materials in and to the
interior of the Vehicle at Advertiser's  expense, in accordance with the designs
approved by Owner, provided no damage results to the Vehicle.

<PAGE>

     2. Term of  Agreement.  Subject to the  Conditions  Precedent  set forth in
Section  6  below,  this  Agreement  becomes  effective  immediately  upon  full
execution and delivery hereof. The "Commencement Date" shall be the first day of
the  Monorail's  revenue ready status,  presently  estimated to begin service in
early 2004. The "Initial  Term" of this  Agreement  shall end on the first (1st)
anniversary of the  Commencement  Date.  The Advertiser  shall have the right to
renew this Agreement for nine (9)  additional one (1) year terms,  each of which
additional  terms shall commence on the day following the expiration of the then
current term. At least 120 days before the  expiration of the then current term,
Advertiser  must notify  Owner in writing of its intent to renew this  Agreement
for an additional one (1) year term.  Should Advertiser fail to so notify Owner,
this Agreement shall expire and terminate automatically on the expiration of the
then current term. At least 120 days prior to the expiration of the then current
term,  Owner may notify  Advertiser of its intent to terminate  this  Agreement.
Should Owner so notify  Advertiser,  then (i) Advertiser's  right to extend this
Agreement set forth in this Section 2 shall immediately expire and terminate and
(ii) the Agreement  shall expire and terminate  upon the  expiration of the then
current term.

     3. Contract  Price  Adjustment and  Protection.  Owner retains the right to
re-determine  and adjust the  Contract  Price to fair market  rates,  whether an
increase or decrease to the Contract  Price, at any time after the expiration of
three (3) years from the Commencement  Date and at any time after the expiration
of three (3) years from any  subsequent  re-determination.  During  the  Initial
Term,  Owner shall provide  Advertiser  minimum price protection of the Contract
Price,  whereby  Owner shall  decrease the Contract  Price by or, as  necessary,
refund to Advertiser  the  difference  between the Contract  Price and any lower
contract  price that may be charged by Owner to any other  advertiser for single
train advertising upon substantially similar terms.

     4.  Non-exclusivity.  This Agreement does not provide sponsorship or naming
rights  for  any  Monorail  vehicle  or  station.  For  reasons  related  to the
Monorail's  tax  exempt  financing,  Owner  must  retain the right to accept any
advertising  for any product  whatsoever  from any  advertiser  elsewhere on the
Monorail, and this Agreement does not convey any exclusive rights to advertising
for beverage, soft or energy drinks or product categories on the Monorail.

     5. Bombardier Consent. Owner may not have the right to allow the Advertiser
to place  advertising on or decorate the Vehicle until  ownership is transferred
to Owner.  Consequently,  in addition to Owner's  approval of Advertising as set
forth  herein,  Advertiser  will  need  to  obtain  the  permission  of  Owner's
contractor,  Bombardier Transit  Corporation  ("BTC"),  as Advertiser intends to
place  Advertising on the Vehicle,  before Owner takes ownership of the vehicle.
Owner will assist  Advertiser  to obtain this consent at the earliest  available
opportunity, though Owner cannot guarantee BTC's willingness to so consent.


                                       2
<PAGE>

     6. Conditions Precedent. The validity of this Agreement is conditioned upon
and subject to the fulfillment of the following conditions precedent. Should any
of the  following  conditions  precedent  not be timely  fulfilled  or waived in
writing by Advertiser,  this Agreement  shall be null and void and neither party
shall have any obligation/s of whatsoever nature to the other:

     (a) That  agreement is reached in writing  between the Owner and Advertiser
     with respect to the designs,  decorations and advertising to appear on both
     the exterior and interior of the Vehicle,  by not later than April 4, 2003.
     Advertiser is aware that Owner's approval of Advertiser's  designs requires
     prior approval by Owner's Board of Directors and a Section 3(b)  compliance
     determination by Owner's tax compliance counsel prior thereto;

     (b) That all permissions required from BTC with regard to the decoration of
     and application of advertising on and access to the Vehicle are obtained by
     no later than April 4, 2003; and

     (c) That a final  written  agreement  is  concluded  between  the Owner and
     Advertiser  with respect to the rights of the  Advertiser  to place vending
     machines to sell  Advertiser's  Monster/ Hansen's Energy Drinks and Natural
     Sodas on all monorail stations throughout the term of this agreement,  upon
     mutually acceptable terms and conditions, by no later than July 31, 2003.

     7. Testing and  Promotions.  Owner agrees that the Vehicle will be operated
regularly  by Owner  during  the  testing  period  ending  January  1, 2004 (the
"Testing  Period")  in  accordance  with  Owner's   established  system  testing
procedures and shall, during the Testing Period, be the primary vehicle used and
be used whenever  reasonably  possible by Owner to  demonstrate  and promote the
Monorail to members of the press,  third  parties,  consumers,  passengers,  and
members of the public to  achieve  maximum  visibility  for the  Vehicle  (fully
decorated), though not exclusively. Furthermore, Advertiser agrees that, subject
to the timely delivery of the Vehicle,  it will make its reasonable best efforts
to organize,  hold and fund various  cross-promotional  events,  being, : (1) an
event in New York City, New York for the "unveiling" the nose car of the Vehicle
and general promotion of the Monorail/Monster drink substantially like the event
described  in  Appendix  2  attached  hereto  as  "Unveiling  of  First  Train -
Manhattan,  New York" and (2) an event for the  arrival  of the  Vehicle  in Las
Vegas,  Nevada  substantially  like the event  described  in Appendix 2 attached
hereto as "Arrival of First Train in Las Vegas".  Owner and Advertiser  agree to
make   reasonable   efforts  to  coordinate  and   participate  in  events  that
cross-promote  the  Monorail  and Monster  drinks and other of the  Advertiser's
products,  such as those  listed  on  Appendix  2,  throughout  the term of this
Agreement;  however, neither Owner nor advertiser shall be obligated to fund any
such events.

                                       3

<PAGE>

     8.  Letter  of  Credit.  No  less  than  thirty  (30)  days  prior  to  the
Commencement Date,  Advertiser shall provide owner an irrevocable standby letter
of credit  (the  "Letter of Credit") in the  Contract  Price  amount in favor of
Owner to serve as a guaranty of payment of the  quarterly  installment  payments
required  to be made to  Owner  pursuant  to  Section  1 of the  Standard  Terms
(defined  below).  If  Advertiser  fails to make any  quarterly  payment  of the
Contract  Price by the end of the five (5) day grace period  provided in written
notice  pursuant  to Section 1 of the  Standard  Terms,  then Owner may draw the
outstanding  amount of the quarterly  payment due to Owner against the Letter of
Credit at any time thereafter.  Once a quarterly payment has been made, then the
Letter  of  Credit  shall  decrease  by the  amount  of the  quarterly  payment.
Advertiser or the bank issuing the Letter of Credit must obtain owner's  consent
to the form of the Letter of Credit,  which  consent  shall not be  unreasonably
withheld.  In the event that  Advertiser  renews the Agreement for an additional
term, the Advertiser shall renew the Letter of Credit.

     9. Advertising  Changes.  Advertiser may change the image of advertising on
the  Vehicle  at any  time  and may  promote  any of its  products  thereon,  at
Advertiser's  sole cost and expense.  Advertiser  may make any such changes only
after receiving prior written  approval from Owner,  which approval shall not be
unreasonably withheld or delayed.

     10. Video  Displays.  Advertiser  shall have the right to install one video
display in each car in the  Vehicle for  promotional  or  advertising  purposes.
Owner  shall  have the right to install a  separate  video  network of up to one
video  display  per  car  in  the  Vehicle  for   promotional,   advertising  or
informational  purposes but shall not promote or advertise competitive beverages
thereon.  Owner and Advertiser  shall make  reasonable  efforts to coordinate or
integrate their video display systems.

     11.  Standard  Terms.  The  attached   Standard  Terms  and  Conditions  to
Advertising  Display  Agreement  ("Standard  Terms") are hereby  incorporated by
reference and made a part hereof.

     In witness  whereof,  the parties have  entered into this  Agreement on the
date first written above.


LAS VEGAS MONORAIL COMPANY                   HANSEN BEVERAGE COMPANY


By /s/JOHN HAYCOCK                           By /s/RODNEY SACKS
   ---------------------------------            ---------------------------
Name/Title  Chairman                            Rodney C. Sacks
           -------------------------            Chief Executive Officer/Chairman


                                       4

<PAGE>


         STANDARD TERMS AND CONDITIONS TO ADVERTISING DISPLAY AGREEMENT

     1. Payment  Terms.  Payment of the  Contract  Price for the Initial Term of
this Agreement shall be divided into four (4) equal quarterly installments.  The
first  quarterly  installment  shall be  received  by  Owner  no later  than the
Commencement Date and each quarterly installment thereafter shall be received by
Owner no later than the first day of each subsequent three (3) month period. The
Contract  Price for each  additional  term for which this  Agreement  is renewed
shall be due on the same  terms.  The  Advertiser's  failure to make any payment
required  hereunder  within 5 days after receipt of written notice to Advertiser
in terms of Section 10 below,  shall be a default of this  Agreement  or trigger
Owner's right to draw on the Letter of Credit.

     2. Renewals.  Renewals shall be permitted as provided in Paragraph 3 of the
Agreement.

     3. Approval of Advertising.  Owner retains reasonable  discretion as to the
suitability  of  all  Advertising.   If  Owner  fails  or  declines  to  approve
Advertising which reasonably complies with the terms of the Agreement (including
the Advertising  Policy and the Section 3(b) tax limitations),  Advertiser shall
be entitled to thereupon  terminate this Agreement,  with no further obligations
or liability  hereunder  and shall be entitled to a refund of a pro rata portion
of the Contract  Price in respect of the  unexpired  portion of the then current
term of this Agreement.

     a. Advertiser shall comply with the Advertising Policy ("Policy")  approved
     by Owner,  which may be amended  from time to time. A copy of the Policy is
     attached and made a part hereof.  The extent and scope of the  Advertiser's
     advertising  may not exceed  limitations  arising out of Owner's tax exempt
     bonds.  Subject to the provisions of Section 1 of the  Advertising  Display
     Agreement,  Owner may  request  the  alteration  of or  adjustment  to such
     advertising  to  ensure  such  compliance.   In  addition  to  Advertiser's
     termination  right  provided  in  section  3  (a)  above  and  without  any
     limitation thereto, should Owner require the alteration of or adjustment to
     the advertising to enable the same to comply with any  limitations  arising
     out of Owner's tax exempt bonds,  Advertiser shall be entitled to terminate
     this  Agreement,  with no further  obligations  or liability  hereunder and
     shall be entitled to a refund of a pro rata portion of the  Contract  Price
     in  respect  of the  unexpired  portion  of the then  current  term of this
     Agreement or, at the Advertiser's  election,  to an equitable  reduction of
     the Contract Price.

     b. Owner may alter or adjust such advertising to ensure such compliance. In
     addition to the Advertiser's  termination  right provided in this Section 3
     above,  if Owner must alter or adjust  materially the advertising to comply
     with tax law,  Advertiser  is entitled to an  equitable  adjustment  of the
     Contract Price.

     c. Advertiser shall submit and obtain written pre-production  approval from
     Owner of all design, cabinetry, mechanics, installation, artwork, and copy.
     Advertiser's  initial designs shall be submitted within 30 days of the date
     hereof,  but in no case  later  than 14 days  before  Advertiser  plans  to
     install the Advertising.  Advertiser may not install advertising  displays,
     or change the design, cabinetry, mechanics, installation, artwork, and copy
     without the prior written  approval of Owner,  which  approval shall not be
     unreasonably withheld or delayed.  Advertiser shall coordinate and schedule
     installation of the advertising with Owner.

                                       5

<PAGE>

     4. Production and Removal,  Costs.  The Contract Price represents the total
net  payments to Owner for the  advertising  as set forth  herein.  The Contract
Price does not include charges for production,  installation,  and/or removal of
the Advertiser's advertising or the cost of construction and maintenance of such
advertising.  The  Advertiser  shall be  responsible  for and bear all  costs to
construct, install, produce, maintain, and remove the advertising, including the
cost to  restore  the  Monorail  to its  original  condition.  Should  it become
necessary  for  Owner  to  remove  Advertiser's   advertising  as  a  result  of
Advertiser's default,  Advertiser shall reimburse Owner for all reasonable costs
incurred in connection therewith upon fifteen (15) days written notice.

     5.  Interruptions  and  Alterations.  Any interruption of service caused by
Owner shall not constitute a breach of the  Agreement,  and Owner shall have the
option of giving  Advertiser  an extension of term of service or pro rata credit
equal to the period of interruption.  Should Owner need to  substantially  alter
the  Advertiser's  advertising  due  to  remodeling  or  construction,   whether
temporary or permanent,  Advertiser  agrees that its display(s) can be relocated
by Owner to a  comparable  location  upon prior  approval of  Advertiser,  which
approval  shall  not be  unreasonably  withheld,  without  any  modification  or
adjustment  to the  Agreement,  including  the  Contract  Price  and  Term.  The
display(s)  will be returned to their  original  location at the  conclusion  of
construction should the location be available for such display(s). Owner will be
responsible for any costs to remove, reinstall or relocate the display(s) due to
construction or remodeling of the Monorail.

     6. Power. Owner will provide electrical power to Advertiser's display(s) up
to the standard 5.4 kw per hour. Advertiser shall be responsible for the cost of
power in excess of the standard load if the Advertiser's electrical load exceeds
the  standard.  Such  additional  costs  shall be due and payable  monthly  upon
fifteen (15) days written notice.

     7. Duty to Maintain.  Advertiser  shall be responsible to keep and maintain
its  advertising  display(s)  in a clean,  operable and  aesthetically  pleasing
manner. Owner, in its reasonable discretion, may require changes or improvements
to  display(s)  which  are or  have  not  been  kept  in a  clean,  operable  or
aesthetically  pleasing  manner;  however,  Owner is responsible for washing and
cleaning  the Vehicle  regularly.  If  Advertiser  has failed or refused to make
appropriate  changes within fifteen (15) days of Owner's written  notice,  Owner
shall have the right, at its option,  to make said changes and charge Advertiser
for  all  reasonable  costs  in  connection  therewith.   Unless  an  emergency,
Advertiser,  or its contractor,  must notify Owner of all maintenance  scheduled
for  display(s)  at least 48 hours in advance,  regardless of the reason for the
maintenance.

     8.  Insurance.  Advertiser  agrees to obtain and maintain in full force and
effect  throughout  the  term of this  Agreement  commercial  general  liability
insurance with a minimum  coverage limit of Two Million Dollars  ($2,000,000.00)
per occurrence,  Five Million  Dollars  ($5,000,000.00)  aggregate,  issued by a
company and in a form  acceptable  to Owner.  The policy  shall name Owner as an
additional  insured  on the policy  and must  cover  damage to Owner's  property
arising out of damages  caused by  Advertiser,  its agents,  representatives  or
contractors  in addition to claims by third  parties for damages  arising out of
Advertiser's  advertising.  The policy  shall  require that Owner be notified in
writing at least thirty (30) days prior to its  cancellation.  A certificate  of
insurance  for the policy shall be delivered to Owner within ten (10) days after
execution  of this  Agreement,  and any renewal or  substitute  policy  shall be
delivered at least twenty (20) days prior to expiration of an existing policy.

                                       6

<PAGE>

     9. Indemnification.

     a.  Indemnification by Advertiser.  Advertiser agrees to indemnify,  defend
and hold Owner, its officers, directors,  employees, and representatives forever
harmless  from and against  all  claims,  demands,  lawsuits,  liability,  loss,
judgments  or other  expense  (including,  but not  limited to,  defense  costs,
expenses and reasonable  attorneys' fees) made or imposed upon Owner arising out
of any  allegations  of  injuries  to or death of  persons  (including  wrongful
death),  damages  to  property,  damages  for libel,  violation  of the right of
privacy, plagiarism, copyright infringement, and any other claims, that directly
arise from (1) the display of any  Advertising  installed by  Advertiser  on the
Monorail  pursuant  to this  Agreement,  or (2)  damage  from the  materials  or
equipment  that  Advertiser  may  install  on  the  Monorail  pursuant  to  this
Agreement.

     b. Indemnification by Owner. Owner agrees to indemnify, defend and hold the
Advertiser,  its officers,  directors,  employees,  and representatives  forever
harmless  from and against  all  claims,  demands,  lawsuits,  liability,  loss,
judgments  or other  expense  (including,  but not  limited to,  defense  costs,
expenses and  reasonable  attorneys'  fees) made or imposed upon the  Advertiser
arising out of any  allegations  of  injuries to or death of persons  (including
wrongful  death),  damages to property,  and any other claims which do not arise
out of (1) the installation, removal, or display of Advertising installed on the
Monorail  pursuant  to this  Agreement  or (2)  damage  from  the  materials  or
equipment  that  Advertiser  may  install  on  the  Monorail  pursuant  to  this
Agreement.

     c.  The  parties,   their  respective   officers,   directors,   employees,
representatives  and  agents,  shall not be liable for any  damage or  liability
occurring by reason of the negligent act or omission,  or intentional or willful
misconduct   of  the  other   party,   its   officers,   directors,   employees,
representatives or agents.

     10. Default.

     a. Default by  Advertiser.  In addition to other defaults set forth herein,
Advertiser  shall be in default if  Advertiser  fails to: (i)  maintain  current
insurance policies as provided in Section 8; (ii) obtain Owner's approval of the
advertising  pursuant to Section 3 of the Standard Terms above; or (iii) fulfill
any other part of this  Agreement.  Owner shall provide  Advertiser a reasonably
detailed written notice of default. Advertiser shall have fifteen (15) days from
receipt  of the  notice  (5 days in the case of non  payment  of any part of the
Contract  Price) to cure the default.  If  Advertiser  has not cured the default
within fifteen or five (15 or 5 ) days of notice, as the case may be, Owner may,
at its sole option,  terminate  this  Agreement or draw on the Letter of Credit,
retain all sums of money paid by Advertiser to Owner,  or remove the Advertising
pursuant to Section 4.

                                       7

<PAGE>

     b.  Default by Owner.  Owner  shall be in default if Owner fails to fulfill
any terms of this  Agreement.  Advertiser  shall provide Owner with a reasonably
detailed  written  notice of default.  Owner shall have  fifteen  (15) days from
receipt of the notice to cure the  default.  If Owner has not cured the  default
within  fifteen  (15)  days of  notice,  Advertiser  may,  at its  sole  option,
terminate  this  Agreement,  recover a pro rata portion of the Contract Price in
respect of the unexpired portion of the then current term of this Agreement

     11.  Compliance  with Law. The parties and this Agreement shall comply with
all federal, state, and local laws. If any clause, provision, section or part of
this  Agreement  (i) is ruled invalid by a court of competent  jurisdiction,  or
(ii) would negatively  affect the tax-exempt  status of Owner's bonds,  then the
parties  shall  promptly  meet and  negotiate  a  substitute  for  such  clause,
provision,  section  or  part,  which  shall,  to the  greatest  extent  legally
permissible,  effect the original intent of the parties,  including an equitable
adjustment to the Contract Price to account for any change in the amount or type
of advertising resulting from such invalidated or offending portion.

     12.  Owner's  Rights.  Owner  has  registered  Las Vegas  Monorail(TM)  and
reserves  all  rights  to  the  use  of  the  name.  Advertiser,  including  all
representatives  and agents,  must obtain Owner's advance written consent to use
Las Vegas  MonorailTM  or images of any portion of the  Monorail  for any public
relations, promotional,  marketing, advertising, or other purpose, provided that
such consent may not be unreasonably  withheld or delayed by Owner. Owner hereby
acknowledges  that it is the intent and  purpose of  Advertiser  to utilize  the
Monorail  and images of portions of the  Monorail  for major  public  relations,
promotional,  marketing,  advertising  and other  similar  purposes  for, and in
connection with, the operation by the Advertiser of its business and sale of its
products  and  hereby  agrees  thereto,  subject  to  Owner's  approval  of such
promotional  campaigns.  Owner hereby consents to Advertiser's use of the visual
images of the Vehicle with its  advertising  and Las Vegas  Monorail(TM)  in its
normal  day-to-day  operations,   advertising  and  marketing  activities,   and
communications  with third  parties,  provided that Owner  reserves the right to
withdraw such consent at any time.

     13. General Terms.  This document embodies the entire agreement between the
parties  and may not be  amended,  modified,  altered or changed in any  respect
whatsoever  except by a writing duly executed by the parties hereto.  Advertiser
represents  and warrants to Owner that it has all corporate or entity  approvals
necessary to enter into this Agreement.  Advertiser shall not assign or transfer
Advertiser's  rights or duties under this  Agreement  without the prior  written
consent of Owner, which consent shall not be unreasonably  withheld.  The waiver
by either party of a breach of any provision of the Agreement by the other shall
not operate or be construed as waiver of any subsequent breach by the party. Any
notice given under this Agreement must be in writing and hand-delivered,  faxed,
or sent by public mail to an address either party to the agreement  specifies in
writing to the other party.  This Agreement is to be performed in,  governed by,
and construed in accordance  with the laws of the State of Nevada.  In the event
of any dispute,  the venue of any action shall be had in Clark  County,  Nevada,
and the prevailing party shall be entitled to recover its reasonable  attorneys'
fees and costs, including fees and costs in bankruptcy.






</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
