<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>exhibit1033.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
                                                                   Exhibit 10.33

                                                     [Logo Omitted]


                                       International DisplayWorks, Inc.
                                       599 Menlo Drive,
                                       Suite 200 Stanford Ranch/Atherton Centre,
                                       Rocklin, CA  95765
                                       USA




Ian N Bebbington
Hong Kong

6th November 2002

Dear Ian,

                              Employment Agreement
                              --------------------

Further  to our  discussions  on the  organization  structure  of IDW and  human
resource  planning I am pleased to confirm the terms of your employment as Chief
Financial Officer (CFO) of IDW Inc.

Duties and Responsibilities:

You will  report to me directly  whilst  making  such  reports and liaison  with
members of the Audit Committee as required for good governance of the company.

     o All those duties normally  associated with the position of CFO of a group
       with international operations and  subsidiaries  in a number of countries
       including:

     o Organization of accounting and internal control and associated systems to
       ensure  compliance  with  US  and  local  reporting  requirements  of the
       financial and fiscal affairs of each group company including  maintenance
       of  internal  and  disclosure  controls  as  necessary  together with the
       necessary  liaison with the audit committee and external auditors.

     o Control of treasury operations.

     o Risk Management

     o Management Accounting

As  this  position  is  overseas  I  confirm  that  your  employment  will be on
expatriate terms as follows:

     1. An after tax salary of US$100,000 per annum paid monthly in arrear

     2. You will participate in the executive bonus scheme on a deemed salary of
        US$150,000 per annum

     3. Participation in the company's stock option plan

     4. Accommodation and schooling for your children to international standards
        together with appropriate  transport  and  ancillary  benefits  normally
        associated with an overseas posting

     5. In  recognition  of the  commitment an overseas  posting  requires,  the
        initial term of this contract shall be for two years expiring on October
        31st 2004 and shall be renewed annually  for a two year term  commencing
        October 31st 2003.  In  the  event of termination or failure to renew on
        terms at least as  favorable  as those in force when  renewal is due the
        company shall pay the balance of salary due under the unexpired  portion
        of the contract and shall  continue the provision of  accommodation  and
        schooling until the end of the current school year.

Would you please  countersign a copy of this letter to indicate your  acceptance
of the above for our records.

Sincerely,


Steve Kircher.
CEO


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
