<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>omlaw2a.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 2 - GLOBAL SETTLEMENT AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
C. Taylor Ashworth, No. 010143
Alan A. Meda, No. 009213
Warren Stapleton, No. 018646
OSBORN MALEDON, P.A.
2929 N. Central Avenue, Suite 2100
Phoenix, Arizona 85012-2794
Ph. (602) 640-9354
Fax (602) 664-2064
Email bkecf@omlaw.com

Attorneys for Chapter 11 Trustee


                     IN THE UNITED STATES BANKRUPTCY COURT

                          FOR THE DISTRICT OF ARIZONA

________________________________________________________________________________
In re:                                   |      In Proceedings Under Chapter 11
STEVENS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC., a         |      Case No. 01-03105 ECF-RTB
Missouri corporation,                    |
                                         |      TRUSTEE'S MOTION TO APPROVE
                                         |      GLOBAL COMPROMISE WITH
                                         |      ADVERSARY DEFENDANTS
                                         |
            Debtor.                      |
_________________________________________|______________________________________


          Pursuant to Fed. R. Bankr.  P. 9019, Vern  Schweigert,  the Chapter 11
     Trustee  ("Trustee")  seeks Court  approval  to enter into and  implement a
     Global  Settlement  Agreement (the "Global  Settlement") with the adversary
     defendants  (defined  below) and  several  additional  parties.  The Global
     Settlement will resolve the disputes  between the Trustee and the adversary
     defendants  and will  also  assist  the  Trustee  in  consummating  Stevens
     Financial  Group,  Inc.'s  ("SFG")  confirmed plan of  reorganization.  The
     Trustee  believes that the  settlement is a sound one, in the best interest
     of the Estate and its  creditors,  and should be  approved.  The  Trustee's
     Motion is supported by the following  memorandum of points and authorities.

                      MEMORANDUM OF POINTS AND AUTHORITIES

I.      Jurisdiction.

          Pursuant  to  28  U.S.C.  paragraphs  1334  and  157,  the  Court  has
     jurisdiction  to  hear  this  Motion.   Pursuant  to  28  U.S.C.  paragraph
     157(b)(2)(A)  and (B), this Motion presents a core  proceeding.  The relief
     requested is in accordance with 11 U.S.C. paragraph 502(b).

II.     Relevant facts.

          A. Factual Background of Settlement Agreements.

          1.  Stevens  Financial  Group,  Inc.,  ("SFG")  filed for  Chapter  11
     protection on March 19, 2001.
          2. On or about May 14, 2001,  the Court ordered the  appointment  of a
     trustee. The U.S. Trustee's office appointed Vern Schweigert as the Chapter
     11  Trustee  ("Schweigert"  or  the  "Trustee"),  and  the  Court  approved
     Schweigert's appointment.
          3. On or about October 11, 2001, the Trustee mailed the Court-approved
     Disclosure  Statement  and Amended Plan of  Reorganization  (the "Plan") to
     SFG's creditors.
          4. Under the terms of the Plan, the Trustee proposed to pay the claims
     of SFG Investors by issuing  preferred stock in the reorganized  debtor,  a
     company called Freedom  Financial Group,  Inc.  ("FFG").  The Plan provided
     that the "seed money" for FFG would come from  settlements with individuals
     and entities against which SFG's bankruptcy  estate and SFG's investors had
     claims.  The  Plan  estimated  that  the  Trustee  would  need  to  realize
     $9,000,000 in cash to implement the Plan.
          5. Over 73% of claims, by amount,  cast ballots.  Of those that voted,
     97% voted to accept the Plan.
          6. In October  2001,  the Trustee  brought  claims  against  Greystone
     Securities Corporation  ("Greystone") and First Financial Consultants,  Inc
     ("FFC"),  at Adv. No.  01-1113.  Greystone was a securities  brokerage firm
     that sold almost 60% of all of SFG's fixed rate investment certificates.
          7. In  December  2001,  the  Trustee  brought  claims  against  Damian
     Sinclair  ("Sinclair"),  a former  owner and officer of SFG, in  connection
     with his operation of SFG, at Adv. No.  01-1319.  The Trustee  subsequently
     amended that lawsuit to include Patrick Robarge ("Robarge"),  an officer of
     SFG;  Clarence  Stevens  ("Stevens") an owner and officer of SFG;  Colonial
     Trust Company  ("Colonial")  the company that monitored  SFG's  collateral;
     First  Financial  Trust Company  ("FFTC"),  the company that guaranteed the
     fixed  rate  investment  certificates;  Harnden &  Hamilton  ("H&H")  SFG's
     accountants; Sinclair Management Services ("SiMS") a company formerly owned
     by Sinclair that serviced SFG's loan portfolio; Stevens Management Services
     ("StMS") a company  owned by Stevens that  serviced  SFG's loan  portfolio;
     P.R.Edge Financial  Corporation ("PR Edge") a company owned by Robarge that
     did business with SFG; Canadian Financial Ventures, Inc. ("CFV"), a company
     owned by Robarge that did business with SFG; Eagle  Acceptance  Corporation
     ("Eagle") a company  once partly owned by Doug  Hamilton  that did business
     with SFG;  and  Spartan  Finance  Company  ("Spartan")  a company  owned by
     Robarge that did business with SFG.
          8. On or about  March 14,  2002,  the  Court  approved  the  Trustee's
     Amended  Reorganization  Plan  (the  "Plan").
          9. The Trustee sold SFG's  corporate  headquarters on or about October
     26, 2001. SFG sold its former corporate  headquarters for $4 million, which
     netted  the  estate  (after  payment  of  the  mortgage)  $1,968,155.
          10.  Throughout  the course of the case,  the Trustee  had  settlement
     discussions with Patrick Robarge and Clarence Stevens.
          11. In June 2002, the Trustee met with Colonial,  H&H, FFTC, and their
     insurers (except FFTC's insurer,  BancInsure).  The parties did not reach a
     settlement,  but they did make significant progress. The parties thereafter
     agreed to hold a second  mediation  where these three  defendants and their
     insurers, including BancInsure, could be present.
          12. In July 2002, the Trustee filed a lawsuit  against FFTC's officers
     and directors,  at Adv. No. 02-774.  Together Robarge,  Stevens,  Colonial,
     H&H, FFTC, SiMS, StMS, P.R. Edge, CFV, Eagle, Spartan,  Greystone, FFC, and
     FFTC's officers and directors are the "Adversary Defendants."
          13. During July and August 2002,  the Trustee and the  Committee  were
     forced to spend considerable amounts of time and money responding to claims
     made by the "Concerned  Investors Group" instead of pursuing the resumption
     of mediation efforts with the adversary defendants.
          14. On September 6, 2002,  the Trustee,  Colonial,  FFTC, and H&H (and
     their  insurers)  reconvened  the  mediation.  At  the  conclusion  of  the
     mediation,  the Trustee  had  reached  settlements  with  Colonial  and its
     insurer, H&H and its insurer, and FFTC.  BancInsure,  FFTC's insurer, chose
     not to participate further and, as part of the settlement,  FFTC and FFTC's
     Officers & Directors will be assigning  their claims against  BancInsure to
     SFG's bankruptcy estate.
          15.  During and shortly  after the  September 6, 2002,  mediation  the
     Trustee  reached  agreements  in principal  with  Robarge and  Stevens.  In
     addition,  the  Trustee  reached a  settlement  agreement  with the  Stolar
     Partnership ("Stolar") the former law firm for SFG.
          16.  Since the middle of  September,  the Trustee,  Mr.  Fenstermaker,
     Trustee's  counsel and counsel for the  defendants  have been preparing the
     attached  Global  Settlement,  separate  side-agreements,   and  supporting
     documents.
          17. The Global  Settlement  is the result of the  combined  efforts of
     virtually  all of the  parties  appearing  before the Court and  represents
     hundreds of hours of  negotiations,  and the  drafting and  re-drafting  of
     agreements.  The  fundamental  goals of the  Global  Settlement  are (1) to
     obtain enough money to consummate SFG's  reorganization plan; (2) avoid the
     continuing  burden and expense of litigation  on behalf of the estate;  (3)
     achieve a  comprehensive  and  lasting  peace for all  parties  exposed  to
     liability in connection with SFG's pre-petition operations.
          18. On or about  October 10,  2002,  the Trustee  reached a settlement
     agreement with Greystone and FFC. This  settlement  also releases John Gill
     and Alan Suiter (the principals of Greystone and FFC) in exchange for their
     personal guarantee of the FFC settlement payments.

          B. Material Terms of the Global Settlement.

          19. The settling  Adversary  Defendants will make payments and/or turn
     over assets to SFG's bankruptcy estate in the following amounts:
          a. Colonial and its insurer: $1,400,000
          b. H&H and its insurer: $650,000
          c. The Stolar  Partnership:  $407,487.54  (consisting  of  $100,000 in
             cash, waiver of a pre-petition claim of $232,566.64,  and waiver of
             a post-petition claim of $74,920.90).
          d. FFC (Greystone): $75,000
          e. Patrick Robarge: $42,000 in cash, $123,542 in mortgage receivables,
             $1,300,000  in  finance  receivables,  and land  located  in Tucson
             Arizona worth  approximately  $100,000.  The property  being turned
             over constitutes virtually all of his business and personal assets.
             In addition,  Mr. Robarge will execute documents indicating that he
             has made full disclosure of his assets and if it is discovered that
             he has not, the estate's release of him will not be effective.
          f. Clarence  Stevens:  $12,000  consisting  of a waiver of his  claims
             against  SFG's estate and turnover of virtually all of his business
             and  personal  assets.  In  addition,   Mr.  Stevens  will  execute
             documents indicating that he has made full disclosure of his assets
             and if it is  discovered  that he has not, the estate's  release of
             him will not be effective.
          g. FFTC:  Stipulation to judgment in the amount of $68,000,000 and the
             assignment of FFTC's claims against  BancInsure.  In exchange,  the
             estate covenants not to execute on the judgment.
          h. FFTC's  Officers  &  Directors:  One  director  will  stipulate  to
             liability and  participation  in a trial to establish the amount of
             damages,  and the  assignment of their claims  against  BancInsure.
             BancInsure's  policy limits are $10,000,000 and it is expected that
             the estate  will  obtain a judgment  near or  exceeding  the policy
             limits.
          20. In exchange for these  payments  the  Trustee,  on behalf of SFG's
     bankruptcy estate, will release the aforementioned parties, except FFTC and
     FFTC's  Officers & Directors.  The Trustee's  release will also release the
     claims held by SFG's investors. The Trustee holds these claims by virtue of
     each investor's ballot in favor of the plan, which explicitly  afforded the
     Trustee  the right to  compromise  his/her/its  claims.  The Trustee is not
     releasing the claims of the 53 investors who voted to reject the plan.  The
     releases will be binding on the Trustee,  the estate,  and their successors
     including the reorganized debtor, FFG.
          21. In addition to the estate's  releases,  the settling  parties will
     mutually  release one another.  These  cross-releases  will  extinguish the
     numerous  claims that the Adversary  Defendants and other settling  parties
     may have against one another.  The mutual releases will be binding upon the
     settling parties and their successors.
          22. The Trustee, on behalf of SFG's bankruptcy estate, has also agreed
     to indemnify  the settling  parties from claims  arising from  non-settling
     defendants  and  investors.  The indemnity  includes  payment for defending
     against lawsuits brought by those parties.
          23. The Global  Settlement and related  agreements are contingent upon
     bankruptcy court approval of these  settlements in substantially  the terms
     specified above and more explicitly set forth in the attached settlements.
          24. The Global  Settlement  and related  agreements  provide that this
     Court will retain  jurisdiction to deal with any disputes  arising from the
     settlement agreements.
          25. The Effective Date of the  settlements  shall be on that date that
     the  Court's  approval  order  becomes a final  non-appealable  order.  The
     effective date provided under the Trustee's  Amended Plan of Reorganization
     shall be the date of the settlement payments,  five business days after the
     Court's approval order.

          III. Argument.

          In considering a proposed Global  Settlement and related  settlements,
     the Court should consider:

          a. The probability of success in the litigation;
          b. The  difficulties,  if any,  to be  encountered  in the  matter  of
     collection;
          c.  The  complexity  of the  litigation  involved,  and  the  expense,
     inconvenience and delay necessarily attending it;
          d. The paramount  interest of the creditors and a proper  deference to
     their reasonable views in the premises.

     Woodson v.  Fireman's  Fund Ins.  (In re  Woodson),  839 F.2d 610 (9th Cir.
     1988) and  Martin v. Kane (In re A&C  Properties),  784 F.2d 1377 (9th Cir.
     1986).  Woodson  declares that the  Bankruptcy  Court has great latitude in
     approving compromise agreements. 839 F.2d at 620.

          In  considering  the proposed  settlements,  the Court need not decide
     questions of law or fact raised in the  controversies  sought to be settled
     or determine  that the compromise  presented is the best possible  outcome.
     Rather,  the Court need only  canvass the issues to  determine  whether the
     proposed   settlements  fall  "below  the  lowest  point  in  the  zone  of
     reasonableness."  Newman v. Stein, 464 F.2d 689, at 693 (2nd Cir. 1972). In
     re  Pennsylvania  Truck Lines,  Inc.,  150 B.R. 595, 598 (Bankr.  E.D. Pa.,
     1992)  (holding that a bankruptcy  court must consider these factors to see
     whether  the  settlement  falls  below  the  lowest  point in the  range of
     reasonableness.)  Accordingly,  if the court finds the  compromises  do not
     fall below the  threshold  of  reasonableness,  the  compromises  should be
     approved.  In re Planned  Protective  Services,  Inc.,  130 B.R. 94, 99 n.7
     (Bankr. C.D. Cal. 1991).

          Consideration  of the Woodson factors supports the Court's approval of
     the Global  Settlement  and related  agreements.  First and  foremost,  the
     Global  Settlement and related  agreements  should be approved because they
     are consistent with the Amended Plan and provide the expected  mechanism to
     make the Plan  effective.  The  overwhelming  majority  (over 97%) of SFG's
     investors  voted  in  support  of  a  plan  that  anticipated  funding  the
     reorganized  debtors with the proceeds of the settlements  achieved through
     these agreements.  Approval of these compromises  dramatically improves the
     chance of successful  reorganization and gives SFG's investors real hope of
     a significant recovery of their investments.

          Second,   the  Global  Settlement  and  related   agreements   present
     reasonable  resolution of complex legal issues that would require intensive
     and expensive fact  investigation.  The  investigation  and  prosecution of
     those claims has already,  and would necessarily  continue to interrupt the
     Debtors' and reorganized  debtors'  operations.  As such,  pursuit of these
     claims could  significantly  impact the overall success or failure of SFG's
     reorganization.  Indeed,  the time,  burden,  and expense of litigating the
     settled  claims  would be  substantial,  and not  guaranteed  to  result in
     success.

     The  function of  compromise  is to avoid  litigation  involving  delay and
     expense  unless there appears to be a sound legal basis for the  litigation
     and a likelihood of substantial ultimate benefit to the estate. . . .

     In re General Store of Beverly  Hills,  11 B.R.  539, 541 (Bankr.  9th Cir.
     1981); see also, In re A & C Properties, supra, 784 F.2d at 1384.

          More importantly,  there is no likelihood that continued litigation of
     these claims would  achieve  higher  recovery  than the  settlements  being
     offered.  For example,  Colonial and its insurer are collectively  settling
     for $1.4 million.  The policy covering Colonial's potential liability is $2
     million.  The policy is  self-consuming,  meaning that the costs of defense
     are deducted from any recovery obtained on the policy.  Assuming a vigorous
     defense,  the estate could spend up to $500,000 pursuing these claims.  The
     policy would  correspondingly  be reduced by $500,000  (from defense costs)
     resulting in a net benefit to the estate of only $1 million.  Moreover, the
     litigation  of  these  claims  could  take  significant   additional  time,
     including the appellate  process that could drag the entire  proceeding out
     over two or more years.  These figures also assume complete success,  which
     is plainly not guaranteed in litigation so factually intensive and complex.
     In other words, a settlement netting 70% of the applicable policy limits is
     consistent with a "best case" litigation  scenario.  Such a settlement does
     not fall below the  threshold of  reasonableness  that  governs  bankruptcy
     court approval of settlements.

          The  considerations  governing the claims against  Colonial apply with
     equal force to the Trustee's settlement with H&H (SFG's accountants).  That
     settlement  realizes $650,000 of a $1 million policy limit.  Again assuming
     the  delay  attendant  to  litigation  and the costs  for both  sides,  the
     settlement with H&H does not fall below the threshold of reasonableness.

          The settlements with the individual  defendants,  Clarence Stevens and
     Patrick  Robarge  reflect  the old  adage,  "you  cannot get blood out of a
     turnip."  Although the total value of their  assets is less than  $325,000,
     Stevens and Robarge are turning over  virtually  all of their  personal and
     business assets. In addition,  under the terms of the settlement agreements
     they must make a complete disclosure of their available assets. If they are
     not completely truthful, they risk jeopardizing their releases. Again, even
     if the estate were able to obtain a large judgment  against them, after the
     attendant  delay and costs,  it would  still be limited in its  recovery to
     Stevens' and Robarge's  available  assets.  Under the proposed  settlements
     these are being turned over to the estate. Such settlements fall within the
     zone of reasonableness.

          The value of the  settlements  of the claims  against  FFTC and FFTC's
     Officers and Directors are difficult to accurately calculate.  As disclosed
     in the most recent  prospectus to SFG's  investors,  and as corroborated by
     more recent financial information turned over to the Trustee, FFTC does not
     have   significant   assets   (less  than   $600,000).   It  is,   however,
     unquestionably  liable on the guarantee.  FFTC's Officers and Directors are
     also liable for  promising a  guarantee  they could not deliver  upon - the
     guarantee that allowed SFG to avoid certain securities regulations.  Absent
     contribution from FFTC's Officers and Directors' insurer,  BancInsure,  the
     Trustee  faces the  problem  that his  ability to obtain a judgment  is not
     matched by his  ability to collect on that  judgment.  BancInsure's  policy
     limits are $10,000,000.

          Unfortunately,  the  insurer for FFTC's  Officers  and  Directors  has
     decided to attempt to rescind its  insurance  policy  rather than defend or
     settle the  Trustee's  claims.  After  evaluating  the  coverage  issue and
     discussing the matter with FFTC and its Officers and Directors, the Trustee
     has determined  that the  assignment of claims against  BancInsure is worth
     substantially  more than the available  assets of FFTC and its Officers and
     Directors.  Unlike the other  insurers,  the size of the policy (which like
     Colonial's  is also  self-consuming)  justifies  the  expense of  continued
     litigation. This litigation will also likely be self-funded since it is the
     Trustee's  intention  to  permit  the  case  to  be  handled  by  competent
     contingency counsel. In addition,  BancInsure's  decision not to settle has
     likely  exposed it to liability for bad faith,  which affords the potential
     for  recoveries  in excess of the  policy  limits.  Taken  together,  these
     factors militate in favor of taking the stipulated  judgments from FFTC and
     its Officers and Directors and pursuing their claims against BancInsure.

          The  settlements  with  Greystone/FFC  and the Stolar  Partnership are
     governed by many of the same considerations.  Greystone and FFC have assets
     less than the amount of the settlement  payment but their  principals  have
     agreed to contribute personal funds on behalf of SFG's investors. Thus, the
     settlement represents a better resolution than litigation (which could only
     obtain the assets of the companies).

          The case  against the Stolar  Partnership  presents the Trustee with a
     serious  proof  issues  and will  almost  certainly  result in  significant
     expense to the estate.  Suits against law firms involve increased discovery
     expenses (resulting from the amount of privileged information),  additional
     expert costs,  and present unique legal issues.  The Stolar  Partnership is
     committing  to a  settlement  worth over  $400,000  before  any  litigation
     expenses  absorbed by the estate.  See General Store of Beverly  Hills,  11
     B.R. at 541  (compromise is justified  where it avoids delay and expense of
     litigation); A & C Properties, 784 F.2d at 1384. Such a settlement does not
     fall below the threshold of reasonableness.

          Finally, the proposed settlement is in the best interest of the estate
     and SFG's  creditors.  As noted above,  the Global  Settlement  and related
     settlements  were  envisioned  in the Amended  Plan, a plan  overwhelmingly
     approved by SFG's  creditors.  In addition,  the  settlement  proceeds will
     allow SFG to go effective  before the end of the year (barring an appeal of
     the  Court's  approval  of  the  settlement).  And,  as  noted  above,  the
     settlements here actually  approach the higher end of favorable  litigation
     outcomes  taking  into  account the  collection  options  available  to the
     Trustee. In a worst case scenario,  if the debtor were forced to liquidate,
     the  settlement  proceeds  from this  settlement  would  ensure  that SFG's
     investors  would get something for their  investments.  Thus,  the proposed
     Global Settlement and related settlements  constitute a reasonable exercise
     of the Trustee's business judgment and should be approved by the Court.

IV.     Conclusion.

          In short, the Court should approve the proposed Global  Settlement and
     related  settlements.  The proposed settlements give the estate the "higher
     end" of possible  favorable  litigation  outcomes  taking into  account the
     collection options available to the Trustee.  The proposed settlements also
     avoid the additional delay and expense that would  necessarily occur if the
     Trustee  were  to  litigate  the  settled  claims.  Finally,  the  proposed
     settlements  allow the Trustee to consummate the Amended Plan in the manner
     anticipated by the Plan and approved by SFG's  investors.  The Court should
     approve the proposed settlements.

        DATED this 11th day of November 2002.
                                      OSBORN MALEDON, P.A.


                                         By /s/ Warren Stapleton________________
                                              C. Taylor Ashworth, No. 010143
                                              Alan A. Meda, No. 009213
                                              Warren Stapleton, No. 018646
                                              2929 N. Central Avenue, Suite 2100
                                              Phoenix, AZ  85012-2794

                                          Attorneys for Chapter 11 Trustee


                          GLOBAL SETTLEMENT AGREEMENT

          This Agreement (the  "Agreement")  sets forth the terms and conditions
     of a global  settlement  (the  "Global  Settlement")  between and among the
     "Settling Parties" (as more fully defined below):

          Recitals:

a.   WHEREAS,  on March 19,  2001,  Stevens  Financial  Group,  Inc., a Missouri
     corporation, ("SFG" as more fully defined below) filed a voluntary petition
     for relief under Chapter 11 of the United States  Bankruptcy Code under the
     caption of In re Stevens Financial Group, Inc., Case No. B-01-03105-ECF-RTB
     (the  "Bankruptcy  Case"),  in the United States  Bankruptcy  Court for the
     District of Arizona, Phoenix Division (the "Bankruptcy Court");

b.   WHEREAS,   Vern  Schweigert,   the  Chapter  11  Trustee   ("Trustee")  was
     subsequently appointed in connection with SFG's Bankruptcy Case;

c.   WHEREAS,  claims or potential  claims  ("Claims or Potential  Claims") have
     been or could be asserted by the  Trustee,  the  investors of SFG, or other
     Settling  Claimants  against the  Settling  Defendants  and/or the Settling
     Insurers (each as more fully defined below);

d.   WHEREAS,  the Settling  Defendants have denied liability in connection with
     these Claims or Potential  Claims,  and the Settling  Insurers  have either
     denied  liability or reserved  rights to deny liability in connection  with
     any insurance purported to cover these Claims or Potential Claims;

e.   WHEREAS,  the  litigation  of  these  Claims  or  Potential  Claims  and of
     insurance  issues related to those Claims or Potential Claims would involve
     numerous complex issues of fact or law, the outcome of which is uncertain;

f.   WHEREAS, the Settling Parties desire to settle these disputes in the manner
     set forth herein to avoid the substantial costs, risks and uncertainties of
     litigation;

g.   WHEREAS,  this  Global  Settlement  affords  substantial  benefits to SFG's
     bankruptcy estate and its creditors;

h.   WHEREAS,  the  Settling  Parties  recognize  that  the  Settlement  Payment
     contemplated  by this Global  Settlement  (as more fully defined below) can
     only be  achieved  through a  settlement  that  affords  total peace to the
     Settling  Defendants  and the  Settling  Insurers  for  any and all  claims
     arising  out of,  relating to or in any way  connected  with the actions or
     conduct of SFG and the Settling Defendants;

i.   WHEREAS,  the Settling Parties recognize that achieving total peace further
     requires the complete release of any and all rights or obligations  arising
     out of,  relating  to or in any way  connected  with any and all  insurance
     policies issued by the Settling Insurers to the Settling Defendants;

j.   WHEREAS,  the  Settling  Parties  further  recognize  that the total  peace
     contemplated  by this  Global  Settlement,  and the  benefits  which  SFG's
     bankruptcy   estate  and  its  creditors   derive  from  it,  depends  upon
     coordinating   this  Global   Settlement   with  the   confirmed   plan  of
     reorganization in SFG's Bankruptcy Case;


          NOW,  THEREFORE,  in  consideration  of the mutual promises  contained
     herein,  and for  other  good  and  valuable  consideration,  it is  hereby
     stipulated and agreed by and between the  undersigned  Settling  Parties as
     follows:

1.   The Settling Claimants. The "Settling Claimants" include: (i) SFG, together
     with  any of its  current  or  former  predecessors,  successors,  parents,
     members,  subsidiaries,  or affiliates,  including but not limited to SFG's
     bankrupcy estate,  Freedom Financial Group, Inc., Sinclair Financial Group,
     and First Financial  Credit  Corporation  (collectively  "SFG");  (ii) Vern
     Schweigert  as  the  duly  appointed   Chapter  11  Trustee  for  SFG  (the
     "Trustee");  (iii) Osborn Maledon,  P.A., the Trustee's  counsel,  and (iv)
     SFG's investors who voted to accept SFG's Amended  Reorganization Plan (the
     "Amended  Plan") and are  defined as class 3A (FRI  Investor  Claims) or 3B
     (Subordinated  FRI Investor  Claims) under the Amended Plan,  and all those
     who did not file a ballot but will receive their certificate and release in
     accordance with the Amended Plan (hereinafter  collectively  referred to as
     the "Investors").  The Trustee represents and warrants that it has provided
     notice of the Amended Plan and the extension of the "Effective Date" of the
     Amended  Plan to all FRI  Investors  (as defined in the Amended  Plan) that
     Trustee is aware of, and that  Trustee has used all  reasonable  efforts to
     identify and notify all FRI Investors of the Amended Plan and the extension
     of the "Effective Date" of the Amended Plan.

2.   Claims or Potential Claims.  "Claims" or "Potential  Claims" as used herein
     shall mean any and all  claims,  claims  for  contribution,  indemnity  and
     subrogation, rights and causes of action of any kind, whether liquidated or
     unliquidated,  fixed or contingent, matured or unmatured, known or unknown,
     foreseen or unforeseen, now existing or that may hereafter arise, in law or
     equity, seeking damages, costs, fees, expenses, punitive or treble damages,
     indemnification,   contribution,   subrogation,   injunctive,  contractual,
     extra-contractual,  declaratory  or any  other  relief,  brought  by way of
     demand,  complaint,  cross  claim,   counterclaim,   third-party  claim  or
     otherwise,  which arise out of, relate to or are in any way connected  with
     any  actions  or  conduct  associated  in any way  with  SFG and any of its
     present  or  former  parents,   subsidiaries,   affiliates,   predecessors,
     successors,  assignors,  assignees,  and any of their directors,  officers,
     employees,  agents,  representatives  and  attorneys,   including,  without
     limitation,  the claims  arising  in the  actions  described  in, or claims
     described  in,  Exhibit  A hereto,  and any  insurance  policies  issued in
     connection therewith.

3.   Settled Claims. "Settled Claims" include:

     (a)  All  Claims or  Potential  Claims  that  have been or may be  asserted
          (whether  those  Claims or  Potential  Claims  are  known or  unknown,
          existing,  contingent,  or inchoate,  seeking  damages,  contribution,
          indemnity,  subrogation,  injunctive,  contractual,  extracontractual,
          declaratory  or other  relief)  that in any way,  in whole or in part,
          arise out of, or are  related  in any way to, or  involve  conduct  in
          connection  with SFG,  and that have named,  currently  name or in the
          future could name as a defendant,  counterdefendant or cross-defendant
          (i) the Settling  Defendants;  (ii) the Settling  Insurers  and/or any
          insured,  including  but not limited to the  Settling  Defendants  and
          anyone  claiming  to be an  insured  under  any  policy  issued by the
          Settling Insurers to the Settling Defendants.

     (b)  The Trustee  represents  and warrants that Exhibit A, attached  hereto
          and incorporated  herein in full by reference,  constitutes a complete
          list of all Settled Claims of which he is currently aware.

4.   Settling Defendants. The "Settling Defendants" include:

     (a)  Colonial  Trust  Company  ("Colonial")  and its  respective  officers,
          directors, shareholders,  employees, agents, representatives,  assigns
          and successors, and all persons or entities who are or may be found to
          be Insureds under Progressive  Casualty Insurance Company Trust Errors
          and  Omissions  Insurance  Policy No.  0422902-05  or any  predecessor
          policy thereto, issued to Colonial;

     (b)  Harnden  &  Hamilton,   P.C.  ("H&H")  and  its  respective  officers,
          directors, shareholders,  employees, agents, representatives,  assigns
          and successors,  including without limitation, Douglas A. Hamilton and
          Mark M.  Harnden,  and their  respective  spouses,  and all persons or
          entities  who  are or may be  found  to be  Insureds  under  Preferred
          National   Insurance  Company   Accountants   Professional   Liability
          Insurance   Policy  No.  42607  or  any  predecessor   policy  thereto
          ("Preferred Policy"), issued to H&H;

     (c)  First Financial Trust Company, Inc. ("FFTC");

     (d)  Clarence W. Stevens  ("Stevens") and Patrick  Robarge  ("Robarge") and
          their respective spouses, assigns and successors;

     (e)  Stevens  and  Robarge are  collectively  referred  to as the  "Insider
          Defendants";

     (f)  The  Robarge  Companies  as  that  term  is  defined  in the  separate
          settlement  between the Trustee and Patrick Robarge attached hereto as
          Exh F.

     (g)  The  Stolar  Partnership  law firm and its past,  present,  and future
          partners,  associates  and  employees,  and  their  respective  heirs,
          executors, personal representatives,  administrators,  successors, and
          assigns (collectively the "Stolar Firm").

     (h)  Greystone Securities Corporation,  First Financial Consultants,  Inc.,
          and their  respective  officers,  directors,  agents,  employees,  and
          attorneys  including  Alan Suiter and John Gill  (collectively  "First
          Financial").

     (i)  John Sandager,  Doug McKinnon,  John Moore,  Terry White,  John Fidel,
          Mike Lutgen,  J.R.  Dotson,  C.J. Sands, P. Sheldon Wright,  and James
          McKinnon,  and  their  respective  spouses,  assigns  and  successors,
          collectively referred to as the "FFTC Officers & Directors."

     The Trustee  represents  and warrants that Exhibit B,  attached  hereto and
     incorporated  herein  by  reference,  constitutes  a  complete  list of all
     Settling Defendants of which he is currently aware.

5.   Settling and Non-Settling Insurers. The "Settling Insurers" are Progressive
     Casualty   Insurance  Company  and  Preferred  National  Insurance  Company
     ("Preferred")  together  with  any of  their  current  or  former  parents,
     subsidiaries,  affiliates, predecessors, successors, reinsurers, and any of
     their  directors,   officers,   employees,  agents,  attorneys  and  claims
     managers.  The  "Non-Settling  Insurer"  is  BancInsure,  Inc.,  which  has
     extended  insurance  coverage to FFTC's  Officers and  Directors  under the
     BancInsure,  Inc.,  Directors' and Officers' Liability Insurance Policy No.
     30-DO00101-3, or any predecessor policy thereto

6.   Settling Parties.  The "Settling  Parties" are the (i) Settling  Claimants;
     (ii) Settling Defendants, and (iii) Settling Insurers.

7.   Settlement  Payment.  No later than five  business days after the Effective
     Date of this Global  Settlement  (as defined in  paragraph  15 below),  the
     Settling Insurers and/or Settling  Defendants shall pay to the Trustee (the
     "Settlement  Payment")  and/or deliver assets of value to the Trustee equal
     to the sum of $ 8,832,487.54, according to the following schedule.

     a.   Progressive Casualty Insurance Company: $1,300,000.

     b.   Colonial Trust Company: $100,000.

     c.   Preferred National Insurance Company: $650,000.

     d.   Clarence  Stevens:  Assets valued at $12,000 according to the terms of
          the  separate  settlement  agreement  between the Trustee and Clarence
          Stevens.  A copy of that  Settlement  Agreement is attached  hereto as
          Exhibit E.

     e.   Patrick Robarge:  Assets valued at $300,000  according to the terms of
          the  separate  settlement  agreement  between  the Trustee and Patrick
          Robarge.  A copy of that  Settlement  Agreement is attached  hereto as
          Exhibit F.

     f.   The Stolar  Firm:  $100,000,  plus a waiver and  release of the Stolar
          Firm's outstanding claims for unpaid pre-petition fees and expenses of
          $232,566.64,  and unpaid post-petition fees and expenses of $74,920.90
          according to the terms of the separate  settlement  agreement  between
          the Trustee and the Stolar Firm. A copy of that  Settlement  Agreement
          is attached hereto as Exhibit G.

     g.   First Financial (only): $75,000 according to the terms of the separate
          settlement  agreement between the Trustee and First Financial.  A copy
          of  that  Settlement  Agreement  is  attached  hereto  as  Exh.  H. In
          addition,  First Financial (specifically including Greystone) releases
          any and all claims, including claims for contribution,  indemnity, and
          subrogation,  against  SFG's  bankruptcy  estate  and any of the other
          Settling Parties.

     h.   FFTC's  Officers & Directors:  Agree to assign all claims  against the
          Non-Settling Insurer,  except their claims for attorneys' fees. FFTC's
          Officers & Directors  further  agree to  stipulate  to a judgment  and
          negotiate in good faith the appropriate amount of its liability caused
          by their negligence and breaches of their responsibilities to SFG. The
          full agreement  between the Settling  Claimants and FFTC's  Officers &
          Directors is attached hereto as Exhibit I (the "FFTC Settlement"). For
          purposes of this  settlement  agreement  the value of these claims are
          placed at $6,000,000.

     i.   FFTC : The  assignment of all of its claims  against the  Non-Settling
          Insurer, except its claims for attorneys' fees. FFTC further agrees to
          stipulate to a judgment as to the Trustee's  breach of guaranty  claim
          in the amount of $68,000,000.  The full agreement between the Settling
          Claimants and FFTC is attached hereto as the FFTC Settlement, Exh I.

          It is expressly  understood and agreed by each of the Settling Parties
     that the  Settlement  Payment  is  intended  to be,  and shall act as,  the
     complete exhaustion and buy back of any and all rights or obligations under
     any  insurance  policy,  whether  known or unknown,  issued by the Settling
     Insurers to the Settling Defendants.

8.   Distribution.  The Trustee shall distribute the Settlement Payment pursuant
     to the terms of the Amended Plan.

9.   Releases  and  Covenant  Not to  Execute  With FFTC and  FFTC's  Officers &
     Directors.

     (a)  This Global  Settlement  is  designed  to achieve  total peace for the
          Settling  Claimants,  Settling  Defendants and the Settling  Insurers.
          Accordingly, in consideration of the Settlement Payment to be made, on
          the Effective  Date,  this Global  Settlement  will operate to provide
          complete,  final and  irrevocable  releases  running  from each of the
          Settling  Parties to each of the other Settling  Parties  (except that
          the Trustee shall not release FFTC and FFTC's Officers & Directors) of
          any and all claims,  including claims for contribution,  indemnity and
          subrogation,  rights,  demands  and  obligations,  including  but  not
          limited to the Settled Claims listed on Exhibit A hereto. The releases
          given under this Agreement  shall be in addition to all other releases
          under  the  Plan,  and all  documents  or  pleadings  incorporated  or
          otherwise identified therein.

     (b)  Prior to the  Effective  Date of this Global  Settlement,  each of the
          Settling  Parties  shall  execute  in  favor  of each of the  Settling
          Parties a General  Release  in a form  substantially  the same as that
          annexed  hereto as Exhibit  C-1,  except that the  Settling  Claimants
          shall execute a General  Release in a form  substantially  the same as
          that  annexed  hereto as Exhibit  C-2,  which  latter  form of release
          reflects that the Settling Claimants' general release does not include
          a General Release to FFTC or FFTC's Officers & Directors.  It shall be
          the  responsibility  of the  Trustee  to obtain the  executed  General
          Releases from each of the Settling  Parties.  (The Trustee has already
          obtained the releases of the claims from those  Investors who voted to
          accept the Amended Plan.)

     (c)  Each of the Settling Parties agrees and acknowledges  that he, she, or
          it may have  sustained  injury or loss that is  presently  unknown and
          unsuspected,  and that such injury or loss as each may have  sustained
          might give rise to additional claims, damages, losses, fees, costs, or
          expenses in the future. Nevertheless,  having been advised by counsel,
          they have negotiated and agreed upon this Global Settlement and hereby
          agree to  expressly  waive any rights  enumerated  above that they may
          have under any  statutory  or common  law  principles  concerning  the
          waiver of unknown or  unsuspected  claims or  unascertained  injury or
          damage  (including,   without  limitation,  any  rights  specified  in
          California Civil Code paragraph 1542 or any other similar provision of
          state or federal law).


     (d)  In addition to the foregoing,  and  notwithstanding its exclusion from
          the list of  Settled  Claims  set forth on  Exhibit A  thereto,  it is
          expressly  understood  and  agreed by the  Settling  Parties  that the
          Releases  contemplated by this Global Settlement and given in favor of
          the each of the  Settling  Parties  shall  include any and all claims,
          including claims for contribution,  indemnity, and subrogation, causes
          of action, demands or obligations which have been or could be asserted
          against any of the other  Settling  Parties  and/or  their  respective
          former,   present,  or  future  parents,   subsidiaries,   affiliates,
          predecessors,  successors, assignors, assignees, insurers, reinsurers,
          claims managers, directors, officers, partners, associates, employees,
          agents,  spouses,  heirs,  executors,  personal  representatives,   or
          administrators   ,   whether   by   way  of   complaint,   crossclaim,
          counterclaim, third-party claim or otherwise.

     (e)  The  releases  contemplated  above will not operate to release FFTC or
          FFTC's Officers & Directors from liability to SFG, the Trustee, or the
          Investors.  The Trustee,  FFTC,  and FFTC's  Officers & Directors have
          agreed  to settle  pursuant  to the  terms of a  separate  settlement,
          attached hereto as Exhibit I. Under the terms of the FFTC  Settlement,
          FFTC and FFTC's  Officers & Directors  agree to stipulate to judgments
          in  Adversary  Case Nos.  01-1319 and 02-774..  In addition,  FFTC and
          FFTC's Officers & Directors have agreed to assign all of their claims,
          excepting their claims for attorneys'  fees,  against the Non-Settling
          Insurer to SFG's bankruptcy estate. In exchange the Trustee, on behalf
          of the Settling Claimants,  agrees to provide FFTC and FFTC's Officers
          &  Directors  with  a  Covenant  Not to  Execute  (the  "CNE")  on the
          judgments obtained in the Bankruptcy Court.

     (f)  Each of the Settling Parties represents and warrants, acknowledges and
          agrees that it has not assigned any claims being  released  under this
          Agreement.

     (g)  The releases which are the subject of this Agreement shall survive any
          discharge of any Settling Party in any bankruptcy proceeding.

10.  Withdrawals  and  Dismissals.  Within five business days of the  Bankruptcy
     Court's entry of the Final  Approval  Order,  the Settling  Claimants  will
     withdraw and dismiss with  prejudice  and without costs to any party or, if
     necessary,  move to dismiss with  prejudice and without costs to any party,
     all of the Settled Claims.  Thereafter the Settling  Claimants will refrain
     from filing any Settled Claims.

11.  Stay. Upon executing this Global Settlement, the Settling Parties will make
     all   reasonable   efforts  and  execute  any   appropriate   or  necessary
     stipulations to effectuate a stay as to any Settling  Defendant or Settling
     Insurers of any pending  Claim or Potential  Claim,  including  the Settled
     Claims listed on Exhibit A hereto,  that would be settled by virtue of this
     Global  Settlement  until  such time as either the  Effective  Date of this
     Global Settlement occurs, or 15 days after the occurrence of a "Termination
     Date" for this  Global  Settlement  (as  defined  below in  paragraph  16),
     whichever is earlier. This provision does not apply to the case between the
     Settling  Claimants  and FFTC and FFTC's  Officers & Directors  (Adv.  Nos.
     01-1319 and 02-774).

12.  Indemnity.  The Settling Parties acknowledge and understand that certain of
     SFG's investors rejected the Amended Plan (the "Other  Investors").  A list
     of the Other  Investors,  along  with the  amount of their  investment,  is
     attached  hereto as  Exhibit  D. In  addition,  there  are  other  parties,
     including  without  limitation the Non-Settling  Insurer,  Damian Sinclair,
     Susan  Sinclair,  the Wolf Law  Firm,  Helen  Davis  Chaitman,  and  FFTC's
     Officers & Directors (collectively the "Non-Settling  Defendants") that the
     Trustee  has  sued  or  may  sue,  that  may  bring  claims,  cross-claims,
     contribution  claims, or indemnity claims against the Settling Parties.  In
     light of the  potential  claims that could be brought  against the Settling
     Defendants or the Settling Insurers, SFG, the bankruptcy estate of SFG, and
     Freedom Financial Group, Inc., the reorganized debtor, and any successor or
     assignee of the foregoing  including without limitation a future bankruptcy
     estate of any of the foregoing  (individually and collectively  referred to
     as the "Indemnitors"),  each agree to indemnify the Settling Defendants and
     the Settling Insurers as set forth below:

     (a)  The Indemnitors shall indemnify,  defend and hold Settling  Defendants
          and Settling  Insurers,  and each of them,  harmless  for,  from,  and
          against the  following  ("Indemnified  Claims"):  all  claims,  costs,
          expenses,   actions,   suits,   proceedings,   losses,   damages,  and
          liabilities  of any kind  whatsoever,  including  but not  limited  to
          attorneys'  fees and expenses,  arising out of any Claims or Potential
          Claims  by any FRI  Investor  (as  defined  in the  Amended  Plan) not
          included in the Settling  Claimants,  or any other Claims or Potential
          Claim  by  any   third-parties,   including  without   limitation  the
          Non-Settling Defendants and the Non-Settling Insurer, against Settling
          Defendants  or  Settling  Insurers  or any of them  arising out of any
          matter  whatsoever  related  to  SFG;  excluding,   however,  Settling
          Defendants and Settling  Insurers  obligations  under this  Agreement.
          Indemnitors  agree to defend  any action  brought  on the  Indemnified
          Claims,  and to assert  any  claims  of SFG and  Trustee  against  any
          parties bringing the Indemnified Claims (including without limitation,
          preference  claims).  This indemnity  provision  shall commence on the
          Effective Date and continue in full force and effect and shall survive
          the performance of all of the  Indemnitors'  other  obligations  under
          this  Agreement.  SFG and Trustee  shall cause  Reorganized  Debtor to
          ratify  and  affirm  all  obligations  of SFG and  Trustee  under this
          paragraph 13 on the first business day following the Effective Date of
          the Amended Plan.

     (b)  If the Trustee or any Indemnitor,  Investor,  or Other Investor brings
          or gives notice that  he/she/it  may bring any action,  proceeding  or
          claim of any kind in any court or agency or  before  any  arbitral  or
          other tribunal against a third-party (or continues any existing action
          against a third-party),  including without limitation the Non-Settling
          Defendants and the Non-Settling  Insurer, that relates to or is in any
          way  connected  with the  actions  or  conduct  of SFG,  the  Settling
          Defendants,  or the Settling Insurers and such third-party asserts any
          claim for contribution,  indemnity, subrogation, or any other cause of
          action  against any Settling  Defendant  or any Settling  Insurer with
          respect to such claim, the Indemnitors will indemnify, defend and hold
          harmless such Settling  Defendant or Settling Insurer from any and all
          such  claims  and  from  any  judgment  or  liability  in   connection
          therewith, including without limitation payment of attorneys' fees and
          costs.  This indemnity  provision shall commence on the Effective Date
          and  continue  in  full  force  and  effect  and  shall   survive  the
          performance of all of the Indemnitors'  other  obligations  under this
          Agreement.

     (c)  If the Indemnitors settle any claims from the Other Investors, or from
          any other  creditors of SFG or other  individuals or entities that may
          hold any  Indemnified  Claims,  then the  Indemnitors  shall  make all
          reasonable  efforts to secure  releases  of  Settling  Defendants  and
          Settling Insurers in connections with such settlements.

13.  Cooperation.  Each of the  undersigned  Settling  Parties  hereby agrees to
     cooperate  in good faith with every  other  Settling  Party to satisfy  the
     conditions  to  the  Effective  Date  of  this  Global  Settlement  and  to
     effectuate  this  Global   Settlement.   Each  respective   Settling  Party
     specifically  agrees not to take any action  that would  impede the goal of
     providing total peace to each of the other respective  Settling Parties. In
     addition to the efforts  described  in  paragraph 14 below for entry of the
     Final  Approval  Order  by the  Bankruptcy  Court,  each  Settling  Party's
     cooperation  shall include,  but not be limited to, assistance with respect
     to obtaining  requisite court orders and sharing of information  reasonably
     appropriate  or  necessary  to  obtaining  such  orders,   and  entry  into
     appropriate  documentation to effectuate the Global Settlement,  including,
     but not limited to, the execution of the formal  General  Releases  annexed
     hereto as Exhibits C-1 and C-2, dismissal of pending lawsuits and avoidance
     of the  imposition  of  liability  or  additional  unnecessary  expense for
     Settled Claims upon parties being  released  under this Global  Settlement;
     provided,  however, that appropriate measures shall be taken to insure that
     any  privilege  rights  are not  waived  and  that  all  such  efforts  and
     information sharing, to the extent necessary,  are governed by Federal Rule
     of Evidence 408.

14.  Bankruptcy Court Approval and Continued Jurisdiction.

     (a)  This Global Settlement shall be binding upon the undersigned  Settling
          Parties  upon  its  execution,  but  its  effectiveness  is  expressly
          contingent  upon  the  satisfaction  of all  conditions  set  forth in
          paragraph 15 below,  including entry by the by the Bankruptcy Court of
          a "Final Approval Order." As used herein, "Final Approval Order" shall
          mean the  entry by the  Bankruptcy  Court of an order  approving  this
          Global  Settlement  in full  pursuant to Sections  105(a),  363 and/or
          1123(b)(3)(A)  of the  Bankruptcy  Code and Rules 9019 and 2002 of the
          Federal  Rules of  Bankruptcy  Procedure,  after  notice  (such notice
          including  the final  approval  order) to all creditors of SFG and any
          other interested parties,  including without limitation the Investors'
          Committee,  the Non-Settling  Defendants and the Non-Settling Insurer,
          and any other third party any Settling Defendant designates, and which
          order is no longer  subject  to any  rights  of  appeal or is  finally
          affirmed on appeal.  The Final  Approval Order shall also provide that
          any claims and  causes of action by any  creditor  of SFG or any other
          interested  party,   including  without  limitation  the  Non-Settling
          Defendants  and  the  Non-Settling   Insurer,   against  any  Settling
          Defendant,  relating to or in any way  connected  to SFG,  are forever
          fully   released  and  discharged  (to  the  extent  such  release  is
          consistent with constitutional Due Process).  The Final Approval Order
          shall also provide that the Bankruptcy  Court shall retain  continuing
          jurisdiction  over the  enforcement of this Global  Settlement and the
          obligations   contained  herein  including  without  limitation,   its
          releases and indemnities,  and over any Settled Claims that have been,
          or may in the future be filed.  Each  Settling  Party  consents to the
          jurisdiction  of the  Bankruptcy  Court for these  purposes and agrees
          that  the  Bankruptcy  Court  has  exclusive  jurisdiction  for  these
          purposes.

     (b)  The Settling  Parties will  cooperate in good faith with each other in
          seeking  to  obtain  the  entry of the Final  Approval  Order,  and in
          prosecuting or defending any appeals related thereto.

15.  Effective Date. The "Effective Date" of this Global Settlement shall be the
     date upon which each and every one of the following conditions is satisfied
     in full:

     (a)  Execution and delivery of the General Releases by each of the Settling
          Parties as  described  in  paragraph  10 above and in the form annexed
          hereto as Exhibit C-1 or C-2.

     (b)  Entry by the Bankruptcy Court of the Final Approval Order described in
          paragraph 14 above.

     (c)  Execution and filing of stipulations and/or orders of dismissal,  with
          prejudice  and  without  costs to any party,  of all  Settled  Claims,
          including the Settled Claims listed on Exhibit A annexed hereto.

     (d)  the  "Effective  Date" of, and as defined in, the  Amended  Plan shall
          have occurred.

16.  Waiver.  To the extent that they are not otherwise  required by law, any or
     all of the  conditions  specified  in  paragraph  15 above for making  this
     Global Settlement effective may be waived in a writing signed by all of the
     affected Settling  Parties.  Any decision by any of the Settling Parties to
     waive any  condition  or to waive a condition  in any  particular  instance
     shall not be construed  as an agreement to waive any other  condition or to
     waive a condition in any other instance.

17.  Termination Date. The obligations of the Settling Parties under this Global
     Settlement  shall  terminate  in the event of: (i) a  determination  by the
     Bankruptcy  Court that the Final Approval Order will not be granted without
     modification;  (ii) the failure of any other  condition set forth herein to
     be satisfied or waived within any time period applicable thereto; and (iii)
     the  failure of the  Effective  Date to come  within 180 days from the date
     this Global  Settlement is executed by the  undersigned  Settling  Parties;
     provided  that the  180-day  period may be  extended  to any date  mutually
     agreeable to the undersigned  Settling Parties (the "Termination Date"). In
     the event this Global  Settlement  is  terminated  as provided  above,  the
     Settling  Parties shall be restored to the same position which they were in
     immediately  prior to the  execution  of this  Global  Settlement,  without
     waiver of any rights, claims or defenses.  Notwithstanding  anything herein
     to the contrary,  the failure of one of the Settling Parties to fulfill its
     obligations  under this Global  Settlement shall not be attributable to any
     other Settling Party, shall not terminate this Global-Settlement, shall not
     affect  the  Settling  Parties'  respective  obligations  under the  Global
     Settlement, and shall not affect the respective rights of the non-breaching
     Settling Parties under the Global Settling,  including without  limitation,
     their  contractual  remedies with respect to the enforcement of it pursuant
     to paragraph 29 below.

18.  Notice.  SFG and Trustee shall provide notice of the motion to approve this
     Agreement,  the proposed Final Approval Order and the date and time for the
     hearing on the motion to all FRI Investors and all other  creditors of SFG,
     all  individuals  or  entities  with  Claims or  Potential  Claims  against
     Settling  Defendants,  and  all  other  interested  parties  (collectively,
     "Creditors"), in a manner generally consistent with the notice provided for
     notice of the Amended Plan, and  specifically  through the  following:  (1)
     mailing a copy of the motion,  the  proposed  Final  Approval  Order,  this
     Agreement  and such hearing  information  to the last known address of such
     Creditor;  (2) posting a notice of the motion,  the proposed Final Approval
     Order and this  Agreement and hearing  information  on SFG's  website;  (3)
     publishing a notice in the Springfield  News Leader;  and (4) providing any
     other notice required by the Bankruptcy Court. Such notice shall constitute
     notice  as  is  appropriate  in  the  particular  circumstances,  and  such
     opportunity for a hearing as is appropriate in the particular circumstances
     for all Creditors.

19.  Reaffirmation  by Reorganized  Debtor.  Trustee  represents and warrants to
     Settling  Defendants and Settling Insurers that Reorganized Debtor shall be
     subject  to the  terms of this  Agreement,  and that  Trustee  shall  cause
     Reorganized  Debtor to agree to assume  the  obligations  of SFG under this
     Agreement  and/or reaffirm that the obligations of SFG under this Agreement
     are the obligations of Reorganized Debtor on and after the "Effective Date"
     of the Amended Plan.

20.  No Admission of  Liability.  Except as provided  above with respect to FFTC
     and FFTC's Officers & Directors,  the entry into this Global Settlement and
     the  various   documentation   and   discussions  in  connection  with  its
     negotiation and execution shall not constitute an admission by any Settling
     Party of liability to any other Settling Party for any purpose, any and all
     such liability being expressly  denied.  The documents drafted and executed
     in connection with this Global  Settlement shall not be used as evidence in
     any action or proceeding except as part of their approval or enforcement.

21.  Confidentiality.  The Settling  Parties will maintain as  confidential  all
     information  that is not needed to obtain  the entry of the Final  Approval
     Order, except as may be required to be disclosed by any applicable law.

22.  Choice of Law. This Global  Settlement is to be  interpreted  in accordance
     with the law of the State of  Arizona,  except to the extent that it may be
     governed by federal bankruptcy law.

23.  Execution  in  Counterparts.  This Global  Settlement  may be signed in any
     number of  counterparts,  all of which when taken together shall constitute
     one and the same agreement.

24.  Amendment.  This  Agreement  setting  forth the  Global  Settlement  is the
     complete  and  entire  agreement  of the  Settling  Parties  and may not be
     modified, changed, contradicted,  edited or altered in any way by any prior
     or subsequent written or oral communications, unless contained in a writing
     signed by all of the affected Settling  Parties;  provided,  however,  that
     nothing in this Agreement shall affect the  enforceability  of any separate
     writing  executed by both Colonial and  Progressive  addressing,  solely as
     between those parties,  the scope of the releases  exchanged by and between
     Colonial and Progressive.

25.  Representations and Warranties. All representations,  warranties, promises,
     inducements,  or  statements  of  intention  made by the  Settling  Parties
     concerning the subject matter of the Global Settlement are embodied in this
     Agreement.  None of the Settling  Parties shall be bound by, or liable for,
     any alleged representation, warranty, inducement, or statement of intention
     concerning  the  subject  matter  of  the  Global  Settlement  that  is not
     expressly embodied in this Agreement.

26.  Construction. This Agreement is the product of informed negotiation between
     the Settling  Parties,  involving  the  compromise  of disputed  claims and
     rights.  Each of the Settling  Parties has  participated in the drafting of
     this Agreement after consulting with his, her, or its own legal counsel, or
     has agreed to the terms of this Agreement  after  consulting with his, her,
     or its own legal counsel. In the event an ambiguity exists in any provision
     of this  Agreement,  such ambiguity is not to be construed by any reference
     to any  doctrine  calling for any  ambiguities  to be resolved  against the
     drafter of the document or any party hereto.

27.  Incorporation of Recitals. The Recitals to this Agreement are hereby deemed
     to be a substantive part of this Agreement.

28.  Validity.  This Agreement setting forth the Global Settlement constitutes a
     valid,  binding,  and  legally  enforceable  agreement  among the  Settling
     Parties in accordance with its terms.

29.  Specific  Performance.  The Settling Parties agree that irreparable  damage
     would result from any Party's breach of this  Agreement,  and further agree
     that a non-breaching Settling Party would have no adequate remedy at law to
     redress such breach.  Therefore,  the Settling  Parties  agree that, in the
     event of a breach of this Agreement, specific performance and/or injunctive
     relief is appropriate to remedy any such breach of this  Agreement.  In the
     event  any  Settling  Party is  required,  due to the  failure  of  another
     Settling  Party to  perform  under  this  Agreement,  to  request  an order
     enforcing this Agreement  from the  Bankruptcy  Court,  then the successful
     Settling Party shall be entitled to an award of reasonable  attorneys' fees
     and  costs  from  the  unsuccessful  Settling  Party.  Notwithstanding  the
     foregoing,  nothing contained in this Paragraph shall be deemed a waiver by
     any non-breaching Party of any other remedies available at law or equity to
     redress any other Settling Party's breach of this Agreement.

30.  Waiver of Jury Trial. Each of the Settling Parties hereby waives all rights
     to a trial by jury in any action or  proceeding  commenced  to resolve  any
     disputes between and among the parties hereto arising out of or relating to
     the interpretation and/or enforcement of this Agreement.

31.  Successors and Assigns.  This  Agreement  shall inure to the benefit of the
     Settling Parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns.

32.  Authority.  Except for any Bankruptcy Court approval which may be required,
     each of the signatories for the undersigned Settling Parties represents and
     warrants  that he, she,  it has full power and  authority  to execute  this
     Agreement and to bind the respective Settling Party hereto.

33.  Headings.  Any  headings  used in this  Agreement  are for  convenience  of
     reference only and shall not affect the construction or  interpretation  of
     this Agreement.

          IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  and intending to be legally  bound  hereby,  the
     undersigned  Settling  Parties and their duly  authorized  attorneys,  have
     executed this Agreement as of the ____day of ________________, 2002.

SFG and SFG's Bankruptcy Estate             FREEDOM FINANCIAL GROUP, INC.



By:      ________________________           By:      ________________________
Its:     ________________________           Its:     ________________________
VERN SCHWEIGERT                             COLONIAL TRUST COMPANY


____________________________
Vern Schweigert                             By:      ________________________
                                            Its:     ________________________

HARNDEN & HAMILTON                          FIRST FINANCIAL TRUST COMPANY



By:      ________________________           By:      ________________________
Its:     ________________________           Its:     ________________________

PROGRESSIVE CASUALTY INSURANCE COMPANY      PREFERRED NATIONAL INSURANCE COMPANY



By:      ________________________           By:      ________________________
Its:     ________________________           Its:     ________________________

FIRST FINANCIAL CONSULTANTS, INC.           GREYSTONE SECURITIES CORPORATION



By:      ________________________           By:      ________________________
Its:     ________________________           Its:     ________________________

THE STOLAR PARTNERSHIP                      COLONIAL TRUST COMPANY



By:      Harvey A. Harris                   By:      ________________________
Its:     Managing Partner                   Its:     ________________________



ALAN K. SUITER                              JOHN GILL


_______________________________             _______________________________
Alan K. Suiter                              John Gill

PATRICK ROBARGE                             CLARENCE STEVENS


_______________________________             _______________________________
Patrick Robarge                             Clarence Stevens

JOHN SANDAGER                               JOHN MOORE


_______________________________             _______________________________
John Sandager                               John Moore

JAMES McKINNON                              DOUG McKINNON


_______________________________             _______________________________
James McKinnon                              Doug McKinnon

C.J. SANDS                                  J.R. DOTSON

_______________________________             _______________________________
C.J. Sands                                  J.R. DOTSON

JOHN FIDEL                                  SHELDON WRIGHT


_______________________________             _______________________________
John Fidel                                  Sheldon Wright

MICHAEL LUTGEN, JR.                         TERRY WHITE


_______________________________             _______________________________
Michael Lutgen, Jr.                         Terry White



DAMIAN SINCLAIR                             SUSAN WINTERMUTE SINCLAIR


_______________________________             _______________________________
Damian Sinclair                             Susan Wintermute Sinclair




                      EXHIBIT A - ALL KNOWN SETTLED CLAIMS



o    Trustee v. Damian  Sinclair,  et al., U.S.  Bankruptcy  Court,  District of
     Arizona,  Adversary  Proceeding  No.  01-1319  (except those claims brought
     against Damian Sinclair).

o    Trustee v. John Sandager, et al., U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the District of
     Arizona, Adversary Proceeding No. 02-0774.

o    Trustee v. Greystone  Securities  Corp., et al., U.S.  Bankruptcy Court for
     the District of Arizona, Adversary Proceeding No. 01-1113.

o    The estate's claims against the Stolar Firm.

o    Any demand or notice of claim  letters  sent at any time by or on behalf of
     any of the  Settling  Claimants  or  Settling  Defendants  to the  Settling
     Insurer.




                    EXHIBIT B - ALL KNOWN SETTLING DEFENDANTS



o        Colonial Trust Company

o        Harnden & Hamilton, P.C.

o        First Financial Trust Company

o        The Stolar Firm

o        John Sandager

o        Doug McKinnon

o        John Moore

o        Terry White

o        John Fidel

o        Mike Lutgen, Jr.

o        J.R. Dotson

o        C.J. Sands,

o        Sheldon Wright

o        James McKinnon

o        Clarence Stevens

o        Patrick Robarge

o        Greystone Securities Corporation

o        First Financial Consultants, Inc.

o        John Gill

o        Alan K. Suiter

o        All spouses of the foregoing Settling Defendants






                      EXHIBIT C-1 - FORM OF GENERAL RELEASE

          In  consideration  of the  mutual  releases  from  each  of the  other
     Settling  Parties as defined in that certain  Global  Settlement  Agreement
     dated as of  December  2, 2002 (the  "Agreement")  approved  by the  United
     States  Bankruptcy Court in the case In re Stevens  Financial Group,  Inc.,
     Case No.  B-0103105-ECF-RTB,  and the sum of $10.00, and for other valuable
     consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged,
     the  undersigned,  as  Releasor,   including,  to  the  extent  applicable,
     Releasor's former, present, and future parents,  subsidiaries,  affiliates,
     predecessors,   successors,  assignors,  assignees,  insurers,  reinsurers,
     claims managers,  directors,  officers,  partners,  associates,  employees,
     agents, attorneys,  spouses, heirs, executors, personal representatives and
     administrators  (collectively "Releasors"),  hereby agrees to be bound as a
     Settling  Party to the terms of the Agreement  and in connection  therewith
     hereby forever fully, finally and irrevocably releases, waives, acquits and
     discharges the Settling  Parties as defined in the  Agreement,  and each of
     them, together with, as applicable,  any of their former, present or future
     parents, subsidiaries,  affiliates,  predecessors,  successors,  assignors,
     assignees,  insurers,  reinsurers,  claims  managers  directors,  officers,
     partners,   associates,   employees,  agents,  attorneys,  spouses,  heirs,
     executors,  personal  representatives,   and  administrators  (collectively
     "Releasees"),  jointly and  severally  from and against any and all claims,
     claims for  contribution,  indemnity and subrogation,  rights and causes of
     action of any kind that the Releasors,  or any of them,  ever had, now have
     or  hereafter  can,  shall or may have against  Releasees,  or any of them,
     whether  liquidated  or  unliquidated,  fixed  or  contingent,  matured  or
     unmatured,  known or unknown, foreseen or unforeseen,  now existing or that
     may hereinafter  arise, in law or equity,  seeking  damages,  costs,  fees,
     expenses,  punitive  or  treble  damages,  indemnification,   contribution,
     subrogation, injunctive, contractual, extracontractual,  declaratory or any
     other   relief,   brought   by  way  of  demand,   complaint,   crossclaim,
     counterclaim, third-party claim or otherwise, which arise out of, relate to
     or are in any way connected  with any actions or conduct  associated in any
     way with Stevens Financial Group, Inc., and/or any of its former or present
     parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, predecessors, successors, assignors, and
     assignees,  including without  limitation  Freedom  Financial Group,  Inc.,
     Sinclair Financial Group and First Financial Credit Corporation,  or any of
     their   former  or  present   directors,   officers,   employees,   agents,
     representatives and attorneys. The matters waived and released specifically
     include  without  limitation the Settled Claims as defined in the Agreement
     and Exhibit A thereto,  and any  insurance  policies  issued in  connection
     therewith.

          The  undersigned  Releasor agrees and  acknowledges  that Releasor may
     have sustained  injury or loss that is presently  unknown and  unsuspected,
     and that such injury or loss may give rise to additional  claims,  damages,
     losses, fees, costs, or expenses in the future.  Nevertheless,  having been
     advised  by  counsel,  or having  been given the  opportunity  to seek such
     advice, the undersigned  Releasor has agreed to expressly waive any and all
     rights enumerated above that the Releasors,  any of them, had, have, or may
     have under any statutory or common law principles  concerning the waiver of
     unknown or unsuspected claims or unascertained injury or damage (including,
     without limitation, any rights specified in California Civil Code paragraph
     1542 or any other similar provision of state or federal law).

          IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned Releasor,  intending to be legally
     bound  hereby,  has  executed  this  General  Release  as of the ___ day of
     _________, 2002.




                                                              __________________
                                                              Releasor


                                 ACKNOWLEDGMENT


state of _____________     )
                           )
COUNTY OF ___________      )

          On ___________,  2002,  before the undersigned, a Notary Public in and
     for   the    county    and    state    aforesaid,    personally    appeared
     _______________________  [insert name of Releasor],  known to me (or proved
     to me on the basis of satisfactory  evidence) to be the person who executed
     the foregoing instrument,  and acknowledged the execution thereof to be the
     free act and deed for the uses and purposes therein mentioned,  and further
     acknowledged  to me that  such  execution  was with the  full  consent  and
     authorization  of any  person  or  entity  that may be  required  by law to
     provide any such consent or authorization.

          WITNESS my hand and official seal.


                                                              __________________
                                                              Notary Public

My Commission Expires:

_____________________



                      EXHIBIT C-2 - FORM OF GENERAL RELEASE



          In  consideration  of the  mutual  releases  from  each  of the  other
     Settling  Parties as defined in that certain  Global  Settlement  Agreement
     dated as of  December  2, 2002 (the  "Agreement")  approved  by the  United
     States  Bankruptcy Court in the case In re Stevens  Financial Group,  Inc.,
     Case No.  B-0103105-ECF-RTB,  and the sum of $10.00, and for other valuable
     consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged,
     the  undersigned,  as  Releasor,   including,  to  the  extent  applicable,
     Releasor's former, present, and future parents,  subsidiaries,  affiliates,
     predecessors,   successors,  assignors,  assignees,  insurers,  reinsurers,
     claims managers,  directors,  officers,  partners,  associates,  employees,
     agents, attorneys,  spouses, heirs, executors, personal representatives and
     administrators  (collectively "Releasors"),  hereby agrees to be bound as a
     Settling  Party to the terms of the Agreement  and in connection  therewith
     hereby forever fully, finally and irrevocably releases, waives, acquits and
     discharges the Settling  Parties (other than First Financial Trust Company,
     Inc. and its Officers and Directors) as defined in the Agreement,  and each
     of them,  together  with, as  applicable,  any of their former,  present or
     future  parents,  subsidiaries,   affiliates,   predecessors,   successors,
     assignors,  assignees,  insurers,  reinsurers,  claims managers  directors,
     officers,  partners,  associates,  employees,  agents, attorneys,  spouses,
     heirs,   executors,    personal    representatives,    and   administrators
     (collectively "Releasees"),  jointly and severally from and against any and
     all claims, claims for contribution,  indemnity and subrogation, rights and
     causes of action of any kind that the Releasors,  or any of them, ever had,
     now have or hereafter can, shall or may have against  Releasees,  or any of
     them, whether liquidated or unliquidated,  fixed or contingent,  matured or
     unmatured,  known or unknown, foreseen or unforeseen,  now existing or that
     may hereinafter  arise, in law or equity,  seeking  damages,  costs,  fees,
     expenses,  punitive  or  treble  damages,  indemnification,   contribution,
     subrogation, injunctive, contractual, extracontractual,  declaratory or any
     other   relief,   brought   by  way  of  demand,   complaint,   crossclaim,
     counterclaim, third-party claim or otherwise, which arise out of, relate to
     or are in any way connected  with any actions or conduct  associated in any
     way with Stevens Financial Group, Inc., and/or any of its former or present
     parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, predecessors, successors, assignors, and
     assignees,  including without  limitation  Freedom  Financial Group,  Inc.,
     Sinclair Financial Group and First Financial Credit Corporation,  or any of
     their   former  or  present   directors,   officers,   employees,   agents,
     representatives and attorneys. The matters waived and released specifically
     include  without  limitation the Settled Claims as defined in the Agreement
     and Exhibit A thereto,  and any  insurance  policies  issued in  connection
     therewith.

          The  undersigned  Releasor agrees and  acknowledges  that Releasor may
     have sustained  injury or loss that is presently  unknown and  unsuspected,
     and that such injury or loss may give rise to additional  claims,  damages,
     losses, fees, costs, or expenses in the future.  Nevertheless,  having been
     advised  by  counsel,  or having  been given the  opportunity  to seek such
     advice, the undersigned  Releasor has agreed to expressly waive any and all
     rights enumerated above that the Releasors,  any of them, had, have, or may
     have under any statutory or common law principles  concerning the waiver of
     unknown or unsuspected claims or unascertained injury or damage (including,
     without limitation, any rights specified in California Civil Code paragraph
     1542 or any other similar provision of state or federal law).

          IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned Releasor,  intending to be legally
     bound  hereby,  has  executed  this  General  Release  as of the ___ day of
     _________, 2002.




                                                              __________________
                                                              Releasor


                                 ACKNOWLEDGMENT


state of _____________     )
                           )
COUNTY OF ___________      )

          On ___________,  2002,  before the undersigned, a Notary Public in and
     for   the    county    and    state    aforesaid,    personally    appeared
     _______________________  [insert name of Releasor],  known to me (or proved
     to me on the basis of satisfactory  evidence) to be the person who executed
     the foregoing instrument,  and acknowledged the execution thereof to be the
     free act and deed for the uses and purposes therein mentioned,  and further
     acknowledged  to me that  such  execution  was with the  full  consent  and
     authorization  of any  person  or  entity  that may be  required  by law to
     provide any such consent or authorization.

          WITNESS my hand and official seal.


                                                              __________________
                                                              Notary Public

My Commission Expires:

____________________




<table>

LAST NAME  FIRST NAME  ADDRESS       CITY         ST ZIP  PHONE CERT # OPENED    INVEST      UNPD #    TOTAL   FOC FILED Yes No Meet
---------  ----------  -------       ----         -- ----- ---  ------ --------  ------    --------- ---------  -------  --  --  --
<c>        <c>         <c>           <c>         <c> <c>   <c>  <c>    <c>       <c>       <c>       <c>        <c>      <c> <c> <c>
ABBRUZZI   MICHAEL     RT 3 BOX 183  BIRCH TREE   MO 65438      03559  11/24/97  35,000       248.12 35,248.12  8/24/01
AMOS       JANIE       10068 US HWY  SPOKANE      MO 66754      10039  4/20/00    2,000       214.67  2,214.67  8/22/01
BAILEY     SHIRLEY     4134 S. STATE ROGERSVILLE  MO 65742      09813  3/9/00    11,000       852.14 11,852.14  8/23/01  X
BARTON     HAROLD &
           BETTY       P.O. BOX 301  CAMDENTON    MO 65020      08255  5/19/99    2,000       389.60  2,389.60  8/20/01  X
BELLEW     JEAN &
           ARTHUR      1461 S.       SPRINGFIELD  MO 65809      03768  1/9/98     5,000     2,145.94  7,145.94  9/4/01            X
BELLEW     JEAN        1461 S.       SPRINGFIELD  MO 65809      03981  2/27/98   10,000     4,078.60 14,078.60               X
BOLTON     SANDRA      16529 FIR AVE AKRON        IA 51001      03829  1/26/98    2,000       843.52  2,843.52  8/31/01  X
BOLTON     JAMES       16529 FIR AVE AKRON        IA 51001      01160  4/25/96    2,000     1,460.70  3,460.70  8/31/01  X
BOLTON     SANDRA      16529 FIR AVE AKRON        IA 51001      01159  4/25/96    2,000     1,460.70  3,460.70  8/31/01  X
BOLTON     JAMES       16529 FIR AVE AKRON        IA 51001      03645  12/23/97   2,000       873.30  2,873.30  8/31/01  X
BRADY      RUSSEL T.   1217          MOUNTAIN
                                     HOME         AR 72653      07931  4/5/99     6,500        24.31  6,524.31  8/17/01  X
CHANDLER   RONALD &    290 LEISURE   BLUE EYE     MO 65611      11196  11/28/00  12,000       415.47 12,415.47  8/15/01  X   X
CHANDLER   RONALD &    290 LEISURE   BLUE EYE     MO 65611      11175  12/7/00    2,000        55.04  2,055.04  8/15/01  X   X
CHANDLER   RONALD &    290 LEISURE   BLUE EYE     MO 65611      11176  12/7/00    2,000        42.23  2,042.23  8/15/01  X   X
COLLIER    GERALD L.   2655 HWY      GAMALIEL     AR 72537      07181  12/7/98   10,000        36.99 10,036.99  8/23/01
COOK       FLOYD AND   1824 GRAHAM   HOLLISTER    MO 65672      07322  1/7/99    65,000    23,126.70 88,126.70  8/28/01  X
DICKENS    WILFREDE E.               SPRINGFIELD  MO 65804      10123  5/20/00   25,000     1,696.01 26,696.01  8/23/01  X   X
ECKEY      RONALD                    NIXA         MO 65714      10871  9/14/00   20,000       775.72 20,775.72  8/14/01           X
FORTNER    ROBERT      6368 S.
                       REPUBLIC      REPUBLIC     MO 65738                                                0.00           X
FRAZIER    LOIS J.     2816 BURKE    WEST PLAINS  MO 65775      02859  5/7/97     5,000     2,708.44  7,708.44  8/31/01  X
GAZAWAY    REBECCA     328 E HICKORY NEVADA       MO 64772      08999  8/19/99    1,500       290.48  1,790.48  8/20/01  X
HANSCHU    LOWELL G.   P.O. BOX 26   RAMONA       KS 67475      10040  4/20/00    5,000       462.21  5,462.21  8/23/01  X
HANZEL     STANLEY A.  3133 ROBINS   MCDONALD     PA 15057      08133  4/29/99    2,000         9.11  2,009.11  8/25/01  X
HANZEL     STANLEY A.  3133 ROBINS   MCDONALD     PA 15057      08484  6/21/99    1,000        21.25  1,021.25  8/25/01  X
HENLEN     EDWARD      RR1 BOX 10    CLIMAX
                                     SPRINGS      MO 65324      06019  10/29/98   8,973        52.55  9,025.66  8/24/01  X
HO         J. LOUISE                 SPRINGFIELD  MO 65802      03787  1/5/98     2,000       853.21  2,853.21  9/11/01  ?
HO         J. LOUISE                 SPRINGFIELD  MO 65802      03763  1/9/98    35,604    15,281.23 50,886.07  9/11/01  ?
HO         J. LOUISE                 SPRINGFIELD  MO 65802      05463  6/19/98    2,000       720.60  2,720.60           ?
HO         MELVIN                    SPRINGFIELD  MO 65802      05497  6/19/98    3,000     1,080.89  4,080.89  9/11/01  X
HOOVER     GARY W.     27121 OAK R   WARRENTON    MO 63383      03952  2/19/98   20,000     8,226.24 28,226.24  8/26/01  X
JOHNSON    ANN         8732 SIELHOFF HAZELWOOD    MO 63042      01232  5/30/96    1,000       712.01      0.00           X
JONES      JOHN &
           JOYCE                     WARSAW       MO 65355      09729  2/14/00   25,000       220.63 25,220.63  8/20/01  X
KELSO      DOROTHY N.  7004 CANYON   ROCKAWAY
                                     BEACH        MO 65740      09078  9/8/99    10,000       509.14 10,509.14  8/28/01
KELSO      DOROTHY N.  7005 CANYON   ROCKAWAY
                                     BEACH        MO 65741      09079  9/8/99     5,000       220.02  5,220.02  8/28/01
KELSO      DOROTHY N.  7006 CANYON   ROCKAWAY
                                     BEACH        MO 65742      10883  9/11/01    5,000       165.37  5,165.37  8/28/01
KERN       JANET                     SPRINGFIELD  MO 65807      08929  8/10/99    2,000       393.92  2,393.92  8/26/01
KERN       JANET                     SPRINGFIELD  MO 65807      09842  3/14/00    2,000.69    239.97  2,240.66  8/26/01
KUNKEL     ROBERT F.                 SPRINGFIELD  MO 65809      10150  5/10/00   10,000       866.76 10,866.76  8/17/01  X
KUNKEL     ROBERT F.                 SPRINGFIELD  MO 65809      10151  5/10/00    7,000       462.65  7,462.65  8/17/01  X
LANDSTAD   PETER &
           CAROL       1005 WILDWOOD CASSVILLE    MO 65625      10139  5/8/00     5,000       332.63  5,332.63  8/16/01
LINDSEY    CARROLL     BOX 1002      BUFFALO      MO 65622      10697  7/13/00    5,500        57.73  5,557.73  8/28/01  X        X
MCCAIG     JOSEPH &
           RITA                      SPRINGFIELD  MO 65810      11010  10/23/00   1,214.59     55.97  1,270.56  8/15/01
MCCRAY     PAUL &                    ELDON        MO 65026      03797  1/21/98    1,000       423.89  1,423.89  8/26/01  X
MILTON     IRENE A.                  NIXA         MO 65714      05936  10/7/98    5,000        61.80  5,061.80  8/17/01  X
MILTON     IRENE A.                  NIXA         MO 65714      08649  7/19/99   15,000       274.01 15,274.01  8/17/01  X
MOORE      LAWRENCE                  RICHLAND     MO 65556      01222  3/8/96     7,641.16  5,731.25 13,372.41  8/17/01  X
NACHTIGAL  MICHAEL &                 SPRINGFIELD  MO 65804      07037  10/28/98  50,000    19,643.12 69,643.12  9/24/01
NEECE      LORI &
           RODNEY      9786 KNAPP    JOPLIN       MO 64804      10736  7/25/00    3,000       194.91  3,194.91  8/23/01  X
NEECE      R.WAYNE, V                JOPLIN       MO 64804      09727  2/18/00    5,000       552.80  5,552.80  8/23/01  X
NEECE      R.WAYNE, V                JOPLIN       MO 64804      10731  7/28/00    7,000       454.79  7,454.79  8/23/01  X
O'BRIEN                              ROLLA        MO 65401      07127  11/23/98   5,000     1,481.70  6,481.70  8/24/01  X
OLSON      WARREN F.                 FLEMMINGTON  MO 65650      09171  10/8/99   51,000    11,308.37 62,308.37  8/25/01
OLSON      WARREN F.                 FLEMMINGTON  MO 65650      09172  10/8/99   31,000     1,578.30 32,578.30  8/25/01
PARRISH    JOSEPH E.                 BROOKLINE
                                     STATION      MO 65619      03527  11/11/97   1,000       455.30  1,455.30  9/4/01
PHILLIPS   OLIVER W.                 INDEPENDENCE MO 64055      03473  11/4/97   50,000    29,732.22 79,732.22  8/2/01   X
RONAN      PROFIT
           SHARING     1187
                       WASHINGTON    SHELL KNOB
                                     MOUNTAIN HOM MO 65747      09688  2/3/00     2,250       300.96  2,550.96  8/31/01  X
SHIPLEY    HARLAND                   SPRINGFIELD  MO 65804      01661  9/16/96   50,648.28 43,937.26 94,585.54  8/16/01  X
SIKES      MARGIE                    ELDORADO
                                     SPRINGS      MO 64744      07785  3/17/99   20,000       149.59 20,149.59  9/10/01  X
SIKES      MARGIE                    ELDORADO
                                     SPRINGS      MO 64744      09359  10/28/99  22,000       111.66 22,111.66  9/10/01  X
SIKES      MARGIE                    ELDORADO
                                     SPRINGS      MO 64744      09699  2/9/00     8,000        81.37  8,081.37  9/10/01  X
SPAIN      BETTY       RT 1          S GREENFIELD MO 65752      08931  8/11/99   10,000     1,965.89 11,965.89  8/20/01
SPAIN      TERRI &
           BETTY       RT 1          S GREENFIELD MO 65752      09451  11/22/99  10,000     1,593.68 11,593.68  8/20/01
SPOOR      JOE &
           HELEN                     ALTON        MO 65606      07749  3/12/99   50,000    12,685.46 62,685.46  8/23/01
SPOOR      JOE &
           HELEN                     ALTON        MO 65606      07750  3/12/99   30,000     7,611.28 37,611.28  8/23/01
STONE      MARLA S.    2945 Berwick
                       Ct            ST CHARLES   MO 63303      09396  11/4/99   10,000     1,657.97 11,657.97  8/21/01  X
STONE      MARLA S.                  ST CHARLES   MO 63303      10843  8/30/00   20,000     1,270.14 21,270.14  8/24/01  X
SUTTON     DUANE &     802 S. SAM
                       HOUSTON BLVD  HOUSTON      MO 65483      07333  1/12/99   10,000     2,766.09 12,766.09  8/15/01  X
THATCHER                             BLUE EYE     MO 65611      08424  6/17/99   10,000       247.77 10,247.77  8/16/01      X
TURNER     PAUL        P.O. BOX 133  OZARK        MO 65721      09554  12/27/99   1,438.80    181.70  1,620.50  8/16/01  X
TURNER     PAUL D.     P.O. BOX 133  OZARK        MO 65721      09555  12/27/99   1,438.80    181.70  1,620.50  8/16/01  X
WHALEY     GERALD L.                 SPRINGFIELD  MO 65810      08278  5/21/99   20,000     4,541.33 24,541.33  8/22/01
WOLF       EDWIN &                   FAIR OAKS    CA 95628                       51,910.11 19,790.95 71,701.06  9/7/01   X
WOLF       EDWIN &                   FAIR OAKS    CA 95628                        57,000   38,858.53 95,858.53  9/7/01   X
WOLF       GEORGE W.                 SPRINGFIELD  MO 65807      08930  8/10/99    2,000       393.92  2,393.92
WOLF       GEORGE W.                 SPRINGFIELD  MO 65807      09843  3/14/00    2,000.69    239.97  2,240.66  8/26/01
CALVERT    CYRIL
           DWIGHT                    ST LOUIS     MO 63367                                                               X   ***
                                                                                        SUM OF TOTAL REJECTING          511.438.10
                ****Election changed but not on list of those eligible to change vote
</table>

                                    RECITALS

          Stevens  Financial  Group,  Inc.  ("SFG") is a  Missouri  corporation,
     licensed  in the State of  Missouri  to  operate  a  consumer  credit  loan
     company.

          In 1997,  Clarence W. Stevens  ("Stevens")  became the Chief Financial
     Officer and later President of SFG. In 1999 Stevens  purchased the stock of
     Damian  Sinclair  and  became  the owner of SFG.  Stevens  is also the sole
     shareholder or member of the Stevens Companies.

          On March 19,  2001, SFG commenced the  Bankruptcy  Case as a voluntary
     Chapter 11 proceeding. On May 24, 2001, The Bankruptcy Court appointed Vern
     Schweigert as the Chapter 11  Trustee  ("Trustee").  Since his appointment,
     the Trustee has conducted an examination of SFG's assets,  liabilities  and
     business  affairs,  including  possible claims SFG's Bankruptcy  Estate may
     have against the Potential Defendants, as hereafter defined.

          Based upon this examination, the Trustee has concluded the following:

     a)   The best interests of the Bankruptcy Estate and its creditors would be
          served by the  continuation  of SFG's consumer  credit loan operations
          under  new  management  and  new  ownership,  pursuant  to a  Plan  of
          Reorganization;

     b)   SFG's Bankruptcy  Estate  currently has  insufficient  cash and liquid
          assets to fund  payment of Priority  Claims and to  re-capitalize  its
          business  operations,  as would be necessary to consummate such a Plan
          of Reorganization

     c)   SFG's Bankruptcy Estate and/or SFG's creditors may have claims against
          one or more of the Potential  Defendants  but such claims are disputed
          and would require protracted litigation;

     d)   A  prompt  resolution  of  these  claims  would  provide  SFG with the
          necessary  funds, if completed as a part of the consummation of a Plan
          of Reorganization.

          Stevens  denies any  liability  on the claims  asserted by the Trustee
     against him including  allegations  made in that certain civil lawsuit case
     No. B-01-03105-ECF-RTB,    Adv.No.01-1319  filed  by  the  Trustee  against
     various defendants  including Stevens and the Stevens Companies (the "Civil
     Case"). To avoid the risks and costs of protracted litigation, to assist in
     the consummation of Trustee's Plan of Reorganization,  and to re-capitalize
     SFG's business operations for the benefit of SFG's investors and creditors,
     Stevens has agreed to settle and resolve the disputed claims,  as hereafter
     identified,  subject to the terms and conditions  stated below.  Subject to
     the terms of this  agreement,  the Trustee will dismiss the claims  against
     Stevens and the Stevens Companies filed in the Civil Case with prejudice.

1.       DEFINITIONS.

          Certain terms used herein, and in the Recitals, will have the meanings
     set forth in this section 1.

1.1.     CONFIRMED PLAN OF REORGANIZATION.

          The confirmed plan of reorganization in the Bankruptcy Case containing
     the provisions described in section 3.

1.2.     APPROVAL MOTION.

          The  motion  to be filed by the  Trustee  with  the  Bankruptcy  Court
     pursuant to section 2.1.1  hereof,  seeking approval of this Settlement and
     the entry of the Approval Order.

1.3.     APPROVAL ORDER.

          An order of the  Bankruptcy  Court  granting the  Approval  Motion and
     authorizing and directing the Trustee to implement this Settlement  subject
     to the remaining terms and conditions hereof.

1.4.     BANKRUPTCY CASE.

          The  chapter 11  proceedings  pending in the United States  Bankruptcy
     Court for the District of Arizona  entitled In re Stevens  Financial Group,
     Inc., Case No. 01-03501-ECF-RTB.

1.5.     BANKRUPTCY CODE.

          The  Bankruptcy  Reform Act of 1978, as amended,  11 U.S.C.  paragraph
     101, et seq., as applicable to Chapter 11 cases filed on March 19, 2001.

1.6.     BANKRUPTCY COURT.

          The United  States  Bankruptcy  Court for the  District of Arizona (or
     such other court as may have  jurisdiction  over the  Reorganization  Case)
     and, with respect to any  particular  proceeding  arising under Title 11 of
     the United States Code, or arising in or related to this  Chapter 11  case,
     any other court which has jurisdiction over such proceeding.

1.7.     BANKRUPTCY ESTATE.

          The  Estate  created  upon  the  filing  of  the  Bankruptcy  Case  in
     accordance with paragraph 541(a) of the Bankruptcy Code.

1.8.     CFV.

          Canadian Financial Ventures, Inc., an Arizona corporation.

1.9.     CHALLENGED TRANSACTIONS.

          The  transactions   identified  on  Exhibit 1,   attached  hereto  and
     incorporated herein.

1.10.    EFFECTIVE DATE.

          The date  upon  which the  Confirmed  Plan of  Reorganization  becomes
     effective.

1.11.    ESTATE CLAIMS.

          Any claims that SFG's Estate may have  against  Stevens or the Stevens
     Companies  arising out of or relating to SFG or its  business  prior to the
     Effective Date, as set forth in the Plan and whether arising in contract or
     in tort,  including,  without  limitation,  those claims  arising out of or
     relating to (i) the issuance of  Collateralized  Time  Certificates  and/or
     Fixed Rate Investment  Certificates by SFG, (ii) the prospectuses issued by
     SFG  in  connection  with  such  certificates,  (iii)  the  management  and
     administration  of the trusts  created in  connection  with the issuance of
     such  certificates,  and/or (iv) the  Challenged  Transactions,  including,
     without  limitation,  any claims  arising under  paragraphs  544-551 of the
     Bankruptcy Code,  excluding any claim arising pursuant to Section 7 of this
     Settlement  or any  breach of this  agreement  by  Stevens  or the  Stevens
     Companies.

1.12.    FINAL ORDER.

          An order, judgment or other decree of the Bankruptcy Court, including,
     without limitation,  a stipulation or other agreement entered into which is
     "so ordered" by the Bankruptcy  Court, the operation or effect of which has
     not been reversed or stayed and as to which order, judgment or other decree
     (or any revision,  modification or amendment thereof) the time to appeal or
     seek review has  expired,  and as to which no appeal or petition for review
     or  certiorari  has been taken or is pending (or if such appeal or petition
     has been taken or granted, it has been finally decided).

1.13.    FRI INVESTOR.

          A current holder of a  Collateralized  Time  Certificate  and/or Fixed
     Rate Investment Certificate issued by SFG.

1.14.    FRI INVESTOR CLAIMS.

          Claims  of FRI  Investors  against  any of the  Potential  Defendants,
     whether  liquidated  or  unliquidated,  contingent  or  fixed,  arising  in
     contract or in tort,  arising  out of or  relating  to (i) the  issuance of
     Collateralized Time Certificates and/or Fixed Rate Investment  Certificates
     by  SFG,  (ii) the  prospectuses  issued  by SFG in  connection  with  such
     certificates, (iii) the management and administration of the trusts created
     in  connection  with the  issuance of such  certificates,  and/or  (iv) the
     Challenged Transactions,  including, without limitation, any claims arising
     under applicable federal or state securities laws.

1.15.    GLOBAL SETTLEMENT

          The settlement agreement between the Trustee, SFG, and SFG's Investors
     and Colonial  Trust  Company,  Harnden & Hamilton,  First  Financial  Trust
     Company  ("FFTC"),  FFTC's  Officers & Directors  (as defined in the Global
     Settlement), Wolf Haldenstein Adler Freeman & Herz, the Stolar Partnership,
     Damian  Sinclair,  Susan Sinclair,  Clarence W. Stevens and Patrick Robarge
     entered by the Settling  Parties (as defined in the Global  Settlement)  in
     November/December 2002.

1.16.    PARTICIPATING FRI INVESTORS.

          FRI Investors who elect to be  Participating  Investors under the Plan
     of  Reorganization  and, as part of such election,  agree to assign the FRI
     Investor  Claims they may have against the  Potential  Defendants to SFG on
     the Effective Date of the Plan.

1.17.    PARTICIPATING FRI INVESTOR RELEASE.

          A release of the FRI Investor Claims of Participating FRI Investors to
     be provided to Stevens and the Stevens Companies as of the Effective Date.

1.18.    POTENTIAL DEFENDANTS.

          Stevens,  Patrick Robarge, Damian Sinclair, and Susan W. Sinclair, and
     their  respective  heirs,  successors,  assigns,  and affiliated  entities,
     including,   without  limitation,  the  Stevens  Companies;  and  Harnden &
     Hamilton,  P.C.,  Colonial Trust Company,  First  Financial  Trust Company,
     First Financial Consultants,  Greystone Securities  Corporation,  and their
     officers,  directors,  employees,  agents and professionals,  to the extent
     such   professionals   performed  services  relating  to  the  issuance  or
     management of  collateralized  time  certificates  or fixed rate investment
     certificates.

1.19.    STEVENS.

          Clarence W. Stevens, Jr.

1.20.    STEVENS COMPANIES.

          Stevens Management Services, Inc.

1.21.    SFG.

          Stevens Financial Group,  Inc., a Missouri  corporation and the Debtor
     in the Bankruptcy Case.

1.22.    SETTLEMENT and SETTLEMENT EFFECTIVE DATE.

          This Settlement, including any amendments or modifications approved in
     accordance  herewith.  The  Settlement  Effective Date shall be any day, no
     later than 10 business days,  following the day that the Approval Order has
     become a Final Order.

1.23.    TRUSTEE.

          Vern Schweigert, and any person duly appointed by the Bankruptcy Court
     to succeed him as the trustee of the Bankruptcy Estate.

2.       PRELIMINARY OBLIGATIONS OF PARTIES.

          As soon as  practicable  after the execution of this  Settlement,  the
     parties hereto shall have the following obligations:

2.1.     PRELIMINARY OBLIGATIONS OF TRUSTEE.

          The Trustee shall be obligated to take the following actions:

2.1.1.   Approval Motion and Order.

          Within ten (10) days of the execution of this Settlement,  the Trustee
     shall file the Approval Motion, and shall thereafter take such steps as are
     reasonably required to seek the entry of the Approval Order.

2.2.     PRELIMINARY OBLIGATIONS OF STEVENS.

          Stevens shall be obligated to take the following actions:

2.2.1.   Approval Motion.

          Stevens  shall take such  actions as are  reasonably  requested by the
     Trustee to assist in the  presentation of the Approval  Motion,  including,
     without  limitation,  providing the Trustee with verified statements and/or
     testimony in connection with the presentation of such motion.

2.2.2.   Cooperation with Trustee.

          Stevens  shall  continue  to  cooperate  with the  Trustee  and  SFG's
     management  regarding  the  investigation  of the  affairs  of SFG  and the
     operation  of the  business  of SFG and in the event the  Bankruptcy  Court
     orders an  examination  pursuant  to  Rule 2004  of the  Bankruptcy  Rules,
     cooperate to provide the information requested.

2.2.3.   Verified Statement.

          Stevens  shall  provide the Trustee  with a Verified  Statement in the
     form  attached  hereto,  identifying,  without  limitation,  all assets and
     liabilities  of each of  Stevens,  the  Stevens  Companies,  and any  other
     affiliated entity.

2.2.4.   Preservation of Assets.

          Until the Effective Date,  Stevens shall not transfer any assets owned
     by Stevens,  the Stevens Companies,  or any affiliated entity except in the
     ordinary course of business and for fair  consideration,  without the prior
     written consent of the Trustee.

2.2.5.   Affiliated Companies.

          Through the Effective  Date,  Stevens shall cooperate with the Trustee
     and SFG's  management in the  operation of  affiliated  companies and shall
     take such actions as are reasonably  requested by the Trustee to facilitate
     the  eventual  turnover  of the assets of such  companies  to SFG as of the
     Effective Date.

3.       TERMS OF THE CONFIRMED PLAN OF REORGANIZATION.

          As used in  this  Settlement,  the  Confirmed  Plan of  Reorganization
     contains the following material provisions:

3.1.     ELECTION FOR FRI INVESTORS TO ASSIGN CLAIMS.

          The  Plan   provides  that  each  FRI  Investor  may  elect  to  be  a
     Participating Creditor, who will receive an ownership interest in SFG after
     the  Effective  Date in  partial  exchange  for the  assignment  of its FRI
     Investor Claims to SFG.

3.2.     RELEASE OF PARTICIPATING FRI INVESTOR CLAIMS.

          The Plan, made effective through the Global  Settlement,  provides for
     SFG to release  all FRI  Investor  Claims  against  Stevens and the Stevens
     Companies  assigned  to it  subject to the terms and  conditions  set forth
     herein.

3.3.     USE OF SETTLEMENT PROCEEDS FOR REORGANIZATION OF SFG.

          The Plan  provides  that the proceeds of the  settlement  provided for
     herein shall be used by SFG to make any  required  payments to creditors on
     the Effective Date and to re-capitalize SFG's operations.

4.       REPRESENTATIONS OF STEVENS.

          Stevens represents and warrants as follows:

4.1.     CHALLENGED TRANSACTIONS.

          He has  provided  truthful  and  accurate  information  to the Trustee
     regarding the Challenged Transactions.

4.2.     FINANCIAL CONDITION.

          He has  provided  truthful  and  accurate  information  to the Trustee
     regarding his current  financial  condition and, neither owns,  directly or
     indirectly,  any  real  or  personal  property  other  than  as  previously
     disclosed  to the  Trustee.  The  financial  information  submitted  to the
     Trustee and attached  hereto as Exhibit __ is true,  accurate and complete.
     When presented,  the Verified  Statements shall be true and accurate to the
     best knowledge of Stevens. Stevens is the sole shareholder or member of the
     Stevens  Companies and together with the Stevens  Companies has good, valid
     and marketable  title to each of the assets to be transferred in accordance
     with this stipulation  including,  without limitation,  any interest in the
     stock or equity  interest  in any Stevens  Company.  Except as set forth on
     Exhibit  __,  each such asset will be conveyed to the Estate free and clear
     of  all  liens,  mortgages,   security  interest,   pledges,   charges  and
     encumbrances. Stevens has the legal power and authority to bind each of the
     Stevens Companies and to transfer the assets contemplated herein.

4.3.     INSURANCE COVERAGE.

          To the best of his knowledge,  neither he nor any affiliated entity is
     the  insured on any  insurance  policy  that would  cover any of the Estate
     Claims or the FRI Investor Claims.

5.       SETTLEMENT EFFECTIVE DATE OBLIGATIONS.

          Subject to the conditions set forth in section 6  hereof,  the parties
     shall perform the following on the Effective Date.

5.1.     OBLIGATIONS OF TRUSTEE.

          On the  Settlement  Effective  Date,  the  Trustee  shall  perform the
     following:

5.1.1.   Estate Claims Release.

          The  Trustee  shall  execute  and  deliver to Stevens  and the Stevens
     Companies a release of the Estate  Claims  against  Stevens and the Stevens
     Companies and subsequent releases from settling parties.

5.1.2.   Participating Investor Releases.

          SFG or the Trustee  shall  execute and deliver to Stevens a release of
     the FRI Investor  Claims against  Stevens  assigned to SFG by FRI Investors
     who have elected to make such assignments.

5.2.     OBLIGATIONS OF STEVENS.

5.2.1.   Cash Settlement.

          Stevens shall pay the sums of: $12,000 in unpaid  vacation  claims and
     $1,439 held in an SFG Certificate,  and all cash,  certificates of deposit,
     bonds, and the value of all publicly traded stock currently held by Stevens
     in SFG, or Stevens Management Services.

5.2.2.   Real Estate and Other Assets.

          Stevens and each of the Stevens Companies shall execute deeds in favor
     of SFG covering the real  properties  described on Exhibit 2 which  Stevens
     hereby  represents  and  warrants  includes  all real  estate  (except  the
     homestead identified on Exhibit 4),  owned by Stevens or any of the Stevens
     Companies directly or indirectly.

5.2.3.   Corporate Interests.

          At the option of the Trustee,  Stevens  shall execute  assignments  in
     favor of SFG  covering  all  interests  of Stevens  in  Stevens  Management
     Services.   Stevens  hereby   represents  and  warrants  that  all  of  the
     liabilities  of the  Stevens  Companies  have been  disclosed  on Exhibit 3
     attached hereto.  Nothing in this stipulation  shall require the Trustee to
     accept stock in any of the Stevens Companies.

5.2.4.   Assignment of Assets of the Stevens Companies.

          Stevens shall, on behalf of himself and the Stevens Companies, execute
     and deliver to SFG an assignment  of any and all assets such  companies may
     have and shall  release any and all claims he may have  against the Stevens
     Companies.

5.2.5.   Release of Claims Against SFG.

          Stevens  shall  execute  and  deliver  to SFG a release  of any claims
     Stevens or any Stevens  affiliate may have against SFG, its  successors and
     assigns.

5.2.6.   Release of Claims Against Other Settling Parties.

          Stevens  shall execute and deliver a release of any claims he may have
     against  any other  Potential  Defendant,  including  all those  defendants
     participating in the Global Settlement,  that enters into a settlement with
     the Trustee, including any future settlements.

6.       CONDITIONS TO SETTLEMENT EFFECTIVE DATE OBLIGATIONS.

          The  obligations  of each party on the  Settlement  Effective Date are
     subject to the following conditions:

6.1.     APPROVAL OF AGREEMENT.

          The Approval Order has been entered and has become a Final Order.

6.2.     PERFORMANCE BY OTHER PARTY.

          The other party to this  Stipulation  has tendered  performance of its
     obligations under section 5 hereof.

6.3.     ACCURACY OF REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES.

          The  representations  and  warranties   contained  in  section  4  and
     elsewhere  in this  stipulation  are true and  correct as of the  Effective
     Date.

7.       CONDITIONS TO EFFECTIVENESS OF RELEASES.

          Notwithstanding  any other provision hereof,  the releases provided to
     Stevens  shall not  release  any of the Estate  Claims or the FRI  Investor
     Claims to the extent that the Verified Statements required in section 2.2.3
     hereof are materially incorrect.

8.       TERMINATION.

8.1.     EVENTS OF TERMINATION.

          Prior to the Settlement  Effective Date, any party hereto may elect to
     terminate  this  Settlement  by  notice  to  the  other  parties  upon  the
     occurrence of any of the following events:

8.1.1.   Approval Motion.

          The Bankruptcy Court enters an order denying the Approval Motion.

8.1.2.   Approval Order.

          The Approval Order has not been entered by January 31, 2003.

8.1.3    Indictment

          Issuance  of a criminal  indictment  by the state of  Missouri  or the
     Justice Department of Stevens before the Effective Date.

8.2.     EFFECT OF TERMINATION.

          Upon termination of this Settlement  pursuant to this section 8,  this
     Settlement  shall  become null and of no force and effect,  and the parties
     will be entitled to the  restoration  of the status quo as it existed prior
     to the execution of this Settlement.

9.       MODIFICATION OF AGREEMENT

          This Agreement,  taken together with the Global Settlement  referenced
     above, is the complete and entire Agreement of the settling parties and may
     not be modified, changed, contradicted, edited or altered in any way by any
     prior or subsequent written or oral communications. This Agreement can only
     be modified in a writing signed by all of the settling parties.

10.      Confidentiality

          The Settling  Parties will maintain as  confidential  all  information
     that is not needed to obtain the entry of the Approval Order.

11.      Choice of Law

          This Agreement is to be interpreted in accordance  with the law of the
     State of  Arizona,  except to the extent that it may be governed by federal
     bankruptcy law.

12.      Representations and Warranties

          All representations,  warranties, promises, inducements, or statements
     of intention made by the settling parties  concerning the subject matter of
     this Agreement are embodied in this Agreement. None of the Settling Parties
     shall be bound by, or liable  for,  any alleged  representation,  warranty,
     inducement, or statement of intention concerning the subject matter of this
     Agreement that is not expressly embodied in this Agreement.

13.      Construction

          This  Agreement  is the  product of informed  negotiation  between the
     settling  parties,  involving the compromise of disputed claims and rights.
     Each of the  settling  parties  has  participated  in the  drafting of this
     Agreement after  consulting with their own legal counsel,  or has agreed to
     the terms of this Agreement after  consulting with their own legal counsel.
     In the event an ambiguity  exists in any provision of this Agreement,  such
     ambiguity is not to be construed by any  reference to any doctrine  calling
     for any  ambiguities to be resolved  against the drafter of the document or
     the insurer.

14.      Incorporation of Recitals

          The Recitals to this  Agreement  are hereby deemed to be a substantive
     part of this Agreement.

15.      Validity

          This Agreement  constitutes a valid,  binding, and legally enforceable
     agreement among the settling parties in accordance with its terms.

16.      Specific Performance

          The settling parties agree that  irreparable  damage would result from
     any  Party's   breach  of  this   Agreement,   and  further  agree  that  a
     non-breaching  Party would have no adequate  remedy at law to redress  such
     breach.  Therefore,  the  settling  parties  agree that,  in the event of a
     breach of this Agreement,  specific performance and/or injunctive relief is
     appropriate  to remedy any such breach of this  Agreement.  Notwithstanding
     the foregoing, nothing contained in this Paragraph shall be deemed a waiver
     by any non-breaching Party of any other remedies available at law or equity
     to redress any other Party's breach of this Agreement.

17.      Waiver of Jury Trial

          Each of the settling  parties  hereby  waives all rights to a trial by
     jury in any action or proceeding  commenced to resolve any disputes arising
     out of or  relating  to  the  interpretation  and/or  enforcement  of  this
     Agreement.

18.      Successors and Assigns

          This  Agreement  shall  inure to the benefit of the  settling  parties
     hereto and their respective successors and assigns.

19.      Headings

          Any headings used in this  Agreement are for  convenience of reference
     only and  shall not  affect  the  construction  or  interpretation  of this
     Agreement.

20.      EXECUTION

          This agreement may be executed in multiple  counterparts,  each one of
     which shall  constitute an original and all of which shall  constitute  one
     agreement.

         DATED this ____ day of September 2002.

TRUSTEE:


                                             ___________________________________
                                                     Vern Schweigert, Trustee



STEVENS:


                                             ___________________________________
                                                     Clarence W. Stevens, Jr.



                                             ___________________________________
                                             Stevens Management Services, Inc.
                                             Clarence W. Stevens, Jr., President



                                    EXHIBIT-1

                             CHALLENGED TRANSACTIONS

1.   The October 15, 1999 stock sale under which Stevens  purchased the stock in
     SFG from Damian Sinclair.

2.   The transaction between SFG and Canadian Financial Ventures.

3.   U.S. Financial and PR Edge servicing agreements.

4.   P.R. Edge loans from SFG.

5.   1995 Sale of stock in SFG.

6.   Purchase of Sinclair Management Service stock.

7.   Service agreement with Sinclair Management Services.

8.   PR Edge loans sold to SFG.

9.   US Financial loans sold to SFG.

10.  Service agreement with Stevens Management Services.

11.  Formation and transactions with Stevens Funding Corporation.

12.  Purchase of SFG's computer System by Stevens Management Services.

13.  Revolving line between Spartan and SFG.

14.  Spartan  receivable  from  Stevens  on  Spartan  books at 3901 S.  Fremont,
     Springfield, Mo.



                                    EXHIBIT 2

                               STEVENS PROPERTIES

1.   Real property at


                                    EXHIBIT 3

                          LIABILITIES AND ENCUMBRANCES

     The real property located at  _____________________ is encumbered by unpaid
     real estate taxes in the approximate amount of $________.



                                    EXHIBIT 4

                                    HOMESTEAD

Please designate a homestead.



                                    EXHIBIT 5

                               SOME OF THE ASSETS

                         TO BE TRANSFERRED TO THE ESTATE

$12,000 in unpaid vacation claims.

$1,439 in SFG Certificate claims.

All other assets of the Stevens Companies.



                                    EXHIBIT 6

                   FINANCIAL INFORMATION SUBMITTED BY STEVENS

[ATTACHED HERETO.]

                                    RECITALS


          Stevens  Financial  Group,  Inc.  ("SFG") is a  Missouri  corporation,
     licensed  in the State of  Missouri  to  operate  a  consumer  credit  loan
     company.

          Prior to 1996, Patrick Robarge ("Robarge") was a shareholder,  of SFG,
     and has since been active in the  operations of SFG through  August,  2001.
     Robarge is also the sole shareholder or member of the Robarge Companies.

          On March 19,  2001, SFG commenced the  Bankruptcy  Case as a voluntary
     Chapter 11 proceeding. On May 24, 2001, The Bankruptcy Court appointed Vern
     Schweigert as the Chapter 11  Trustee  ("Trustee").  Since his appointment,
     the Trustee has conducted an examination of SFG's assets,  liabilities  and
     business  affairs,  including  possible claims SFG's Bankruptcy  Estate may
     have against the Potential Defendants, as hereafter defined.

          Based upon this examination, the Trustee has concluded the following:

     a)   The best interests of the Bankruptcy Estate and its creditors would be
          served by the  continuation  of SFG's consumer  credit loan operations
          under  new  management  and  new  ownership,  pursuant  to a  Plan  of
          Reorganization;

     b)   SFG's Bankruptcy  Estate  currently has  insufficient  cash and liquid
          assets to fund  payment of Priority  Claims and to  re-capitalize  its
          business  operations,  as would be necessary to consummate such a Plan
          of Reorganization

     c)   SFG's Bankruptcy Estate and/or SFG's creditors may have claims against
          one or more of the Potential  Defendants  but such claims are disputed
          and would require protracted litigation;

     d)   A  prompt  resolution  of  these  claims  would  provide  SFG with the
          necessary  funds, if completed as a part of the consummation of a Plan
          of Reorganization.

          Robarge  denies any  liability  on the claims  asserted by the Trustee
     against him including  allegations  made in that certain civil lawsuit case
     No. B 01-03105-ECF-RTB,  Adv. No. 01-1319  filed  by  the  Trustee  against
     various defendants  including Robarge and the Robarge Companies (the "Civil
     Case"). To avoid the risks and costs of protracted litigation, to assist in
     the consummation of Trustee's Plan of Reorganization,  and to re-capitalize
     SFG's business operations for the benefit of SFG's investors and creditors,
     Robarge has agreed to settle and resolve the disputed claims,  as hereafter
     identified,  subject to the terms and conditions  stated below.  Subject to
     the terms of this  agreement,  the Trustee will dismiss the claims  against
     Robarge and the Robarge Companies filed in the Civil Case with prejudice.

1.       DEFINITIONS.

          Certain terms used herein, and in the Recitals, will have the meanings
     set forth in this section 1.

1.1.     AGREEMENT

          This settlement agreement.

1.2.     CONFIRMED PLAN OF REORGANIZATION.

          The confirmed plan of reorganization in the Bankruptcy Case containing
     the provisions described in section 3.

1.3.     APPROVAL MOTION.

          The  motion  to be filed by the  Trustee  with  the  Bankruptcy  Court
     pursuant to section 2.1.1  hereof,  seeking approval of this Settlement and
     the entry of the Approval Order.

1.4.     APPROVAL ORDER.

          An order of the  Bankruptcy  Court  granting the  Approval  Motion and
     authorizing and directing the Trustee to implement this Settlement  subject
     to the remaining terms and conditions hereof.

1.5.     BANKRUPTCY CASE.

          The  chapter 11  proceedings  pending in the United States  Bankruptcy
     Court for the District of Arizona  entitled In re Stevens  Financial Group,
     Inc., Case No. 01-03501-ECF-RTB.

1.6.     BANKRUPTCY CODE.

          The  Bankruptcy  Reform Act of 1978, as amended,  11 U.S.C.  paragraph
     101, et seq., as applicable to Chapter 11 cases filed on March 19, 2001.

1.7.     BANKRUPTCY COURT.

          The United  States  Bankruptcy  Court for the  District of Arizona (or
     such other court as may have  jurisdiction  over the  Reorganization  Case)
     and, with respect to any  particular  proceeding  arising under Title 11 of
     the United States Code, or arising in or related to this  Chapter 11  case,
     any other court which has jurisdiction over such proceeding.

1.8.     BANKRUPTCY ESTATE.

          The  Estate  created  upon  the  filing  of  the  Bankruptcy  Case  in
     accordance with  paragraph 541(a) of the Bankruptcy Code.

1.9.     CFV.

          Canadian Financial Ventures, Inc., an Arizona corporation.

1.10.    CHALLENGED TRANSACTIONS.

          The  transactions   identified  on  Exhibit 1,   attached  hereto  and
     incorporated herein.

1.11.    EDGE.

          P.R. Edge Finance Corp., an Arizona corporation.

1.12.    EFFECTIVE DATE.

          The  date  upon  which  all  conditions  to the  effectiveness  of the
     Confirmed  Plan of  Reorganization  have been  satisfied or waived and upon
     which such Plan becomes substantially consummated.

1.13.    ESTATE CLAIMS.

          Any claims that SFG's Estate may have  against  Robarge or the Robarge
     Companies  arising out of or relating to SFG or its  business  prior to the
     Effective Date, as set forth in the Plan and whether arising in contract or
     in tort,  including,  without  limitation,  those claims  arising out of or
     relating to (i) the issuance of  Collateralized  Time  Certificates  and/or
     Fixed Rate Investment  Certificates by SFG, (ii) the prospectuses issued by
     SFG  in  connection  with  such  certificates,  (iii)  the  management  and
     administration  of the trusts  created in  connection  with the issuance of
     such  certificates,  and/or (iv) the  Challenged  Transactions,  including,
     without  limitation,  any claims  arising under  paragraphs  544-551 of the
     Bankruptcy Code,  excluding any claim arising pursuant to Section 7 of this
     Settlement  or any  breach of this  agreement  by  Robarge  or the  Robarge
     Companies.

1.14.    FINAL ORDER.

          An order, judgment or other decree of the Bankruptcy Court, including,
     without limitation,  a stipulation or other agreement entered into which is
     "so ordered" by the Bankruptcy  Court, the operation or effect of which has
     not been reversed or stayed and as to which order, judgment or other decree
     (or any revision,  modification or amendment thereof) the time to appeal or
     seek review has  expired,  and as to which no appeal or petition for review
     or  certiorari  has been taken or is pending (or if such appeal or petition
     has been taken or granted, it has been finally decided).

1.15.    FRI INVESTOR.

          A current holder of a  Collateralized  Time  Certificate  and/or Fixed
     Rate Investment Certificate issued by SFG.

1.16.    FRI INVESTOR CLAIMS.

          Claims  of FRI  Investors  against  any of the  Potential  Defendants,
     whether  liquidated  or  unliquidated,  contingent  or  fixed,  arising  in
     contract or in tort,  arising  out of or  relating  to (i) the  issuance of
     Collateralized Time Certificates and/or Fixed Rate Investment  Certificates
     by  SFG,  (ii) the  prospectuses  issued  by SFG in  connection  with  such
     certificates, (iii) the management and administration of the trusts created
     in  connection  with the  issuance of such  certificates,  and/or  (iv) the
     Challenged Transactions,  including, without limitation, any claims arising
     under applicable federal or state securities laws.

1.17.    GLOBAL SETTLEMENT

          The settlement agreement between the Trustee, SFG, and SFG's Investors
     and Colonial  Trust  Company,  Harnden & Hamilton,  First  Financial  Trust
     Company  ("FFTC"),  FFTC's  Officers & Directors  (as defined in the Global
     Settlement),  , the Stolar  Partnership,  , Clarence W. Stevens and Patrick
     Robarge  entered  by  the  Settling  Parties  (as  defined  in  the  Global
     Settlement) in October 2002.

1.18.    PARTICIPATING FRI INVESTORS.

          FRI Investors who elect to be  Participating  Investors under the Plan
     of  Reorganization  and, as part of such election,  agree to assign the FRI
     Investor  Claims they may have against the  Potential  Defendants to SFG on
     the Effective Date of the Plan.

1.19.    PARTICIPATING FRI INVESTOR RELEASE.

          A release of the FRI Investor Claims of Participating FRI Investors to
     be provided to Robarge and the Robarge Companies as of the Effective Date.

1.20.    POTENTIAL DEFENDANTS.

          Robarge,  Clarence W.  Stevens,  Jr.,  Damian  Sinclair,  and Susan W.
     Sinclair, and their respective heirs,  successors,  assigns, and affiliated
     entities,   including,  without  limitation,  the  Robarge  Companies;  and
     Harnden &  Hamilton,  P.C.,  Colonial Trust Company,  First Financial Trust
     Company, First Financial Consultants, Greystone Securities Corporation, and
     their officers,  directors,  employees,  agents and  professionals,  to the
     extent such  professionals  performed  services relating to the issuance or
     management of  collateralized  time  certificates  or fixed rate investment
     certificates.

1.21.    ROBARGE.

          Patrick J. Robarge.

1.22.    ROBARGE COMPANIES.

          CFV,  Edge,  Spartan,   Sinclair  Management   Services,   a  Missouri
     corporation, and U.S. Financial.

1.23.    SFG.

          Stevens Financial Group,  Inc., a Missouri  corporation and the Debtor
     in the Bankruptcy Case.

1.24.    SPARTAN.

          Spartan Finance Corp., an Arizona corporation.

1.25.    SETTLEMENT and SETTLEMENT EFFECTIVE DATE.

          This Settlement, including any amendments or modifications approved in
     accordance  herewith.  The  Settlement  Effective Date shall be any day, no
     later than 10 business days,  following the day that the Approval Order has
     become a Final Order.

1.26.    SETTLING PARTIES.

          Settling Parties shall mean Settling Claimants,  Settling  Defendants,
     Settling Insurers as those terms are defined above.

1.27.    TRUSTEE.

          Vern Schweigert, and any person duly appointed by the Bankruptcy Court
     to succeed him as the trustee of the Bankruptcy Estate.

1.28.    U.S. FINANCIAL.

          U.S. Financial Corporation, a Delaware corporation.

2.       PRELIMINARY OBLIGATIONS OF PARTIES.

          As soon as  practicable  after the execution of this  Settlement,  the
     parties hereto shall have the following obligations:

2.1.     PRELIMINARY OBLIGATIONS OF TRUSTEE.

          The Trustee shall be obligated to take the following actions:

2.1.1.   Approval Motion and Order.

          Within ten (10) days of the execution of this Settlement,  the Trustee
     shall file the Approval Motion, and shall thereafter take such steps as are
     reasonably required to seek the entry of the Approval Order.

2.2.     PRELIMINARY OBLIGATIONS OF ROBARGE.

          Robarge shall be obligated to take the following actions:

2.2.1.   Approval Motion.

          Robarge  shall take such  actions as are  reasonably  requested by the
     Trustee to assist in the  presentation of the Approval  Motion,  including,
     without  limitation,  providing the Trustee with verified statements and/or
     testimony in connection with the presentation of such motion.

2.2.2.   Cooperation with Trustee.

          Robarge  shall   continue  to  cooperate  with  the  Trustee  and  the
     management  of SFG in the  investigation  of the  affairs  of SFG  and  the
     operation  of the  business  of SFG and in the event the  Bankruptcy  Court
     orders an  examination  pursuant  to  Rule 2004  of the  Bankruptcy  Rules,
     cooperate to provide the information requested.

2.2.3.   Verified Statement.

          Robarge  shall  provide the Trustee  with a Verified  Statement in the
     form  attached  hereto,  identifying,  without  limitation,  all assets and
     liabilities  of each of  Robarge,  the  Robarge  Companies,  and any  other
     affiliated entity.

2.2.4.   Preservation of Assets.

          Until the Effective Date,  Robarge shall not transfer any assets owned
     by Robarge,  the Robarge Companies,  or any affiliated entity except in the
     ordinary course of business and for fair  consideration,  without the prior
     written consent of the Trustee.

2.2.5.   Affiliated Companies.

          Through the Effective  Date,  Robarge shall cooperate with the Trustee
     and SFG's  management in the  operation of  affiliated  companies and shall
     take such actions as are reasonably  requested by the Trustee to facilitate
     the  eventual  turnover  of the assets of such  companies  to SFG as of the
     Effective Date.

3.       TERMS OF THE CONFIRMED PLAN OF REORGANIZATION.

          As used in  this  Settlement,  the  Confirmed  Plan of  Reorganization
     contains the following material provisions:

3.1.     ELECTION FOR FRI INVESTORS TO ASSIGN CLAIMS.

          The  Plan   provides  that  each  FRI  Investor  may  elect  to  be  a
     Participating Creditor, who will receive an ownership interest in SFG after
     the  Effective  Date in  partial  exchange  for the  assignment  of its FRI
     Investor Claims to SFG.

3.2.     RELEASE OF PARTICIPATING FRI INVESTOR CLAIMS.

          The Plan provides for SFG to release all FRI Investor  Claims  against
     Robarge and the Robarge  Companies  assigned to it subject to the terms and
     conditions set forth herein.

3.3.     USE OF SETTLEMENT PROCEEDS FOR REORGANIZATION OF SFG.

          The Plan  provides  that the proceeds of the  settlement  provided for
     herein shall be used by SFG to make any  required  payments to creditors on
     the Effective Date and to re-capitalize SFG's operations.

4.       REPRESENTATIONS OF ROBARGE.

          Robarge represents and warrants as follows:

4.1.     CHALLENGED TRANSACTIONS.

          He has  provided  truthful  and  accurate  information  to the Trustee
     regarding the Challenged Transactions.

4.2.     FINANCIAL CONDITION.

          He has  provided  truthful  and  accurate  information  to the Trustee
     regarding his current  financial  condition and, neither owns,  directly or
     indirectly,  any  real  or  personal  property  other  than  as  previously
     disclosed  to the  Trustee.  The  financial  information  submitted  to the
     Trustee and attached  hereto as Exhibit 6 is true,  accurate and  complete.
     When presented,  the Verified  Statements shall be true and accurate to the
     best knowledge of Robarge. Robarge is the sole shareholder or member of the
     Robarge  Companies and together with the Robarge  Companies has good, valid
     and marketable  title to each of the assets to be transferred in accordance
     with this stipulation  including,  without limitation,  any interest in the
     stock or equity  interest in any Robarge  Company (wants to know if we want
     these  companies and wants to hold on to U.S.  Financial and Edge - doesn't
     care just wants to know). Except as set forth on Exhibit 3, each such asset
     will be  conveyed  to the Estate  free and clear of all  liens,  mortgages,
     security interest, pledges, charges and encumbrances. Robarge has the legal
     power and  authority to bind each of the Robarge  Companies and to transfer
     the assets contemplated herein.

4.3.     INSURANCE COVERAGE.

          To the best of his knowledge,  neither he nor any affiliated entity is
     the  insured on any  insurance  policy  that would  cover any of the Estate
     Claims or the FRI Investor Claims.

5.       SETTLEMENT EFFECTIVE DATE OBLIGATIONS.

          Subject to the conditions set forth in section 6  hereof,  the parties
     shall perform the following on the Effective Date.

5.1.     OBLIGATIONS OF TRUSTEE.

          On the  Settlement  Effective  Date,  the  Trustee  shall  perform the
     following:

5.1.1.   Estate Claims Release.

          The  Trustee  shall  execute  and  deliver to Robarge  and the Robarge
     Companies a release of the Estate  Claims  against  Robarge and the Robarge
     Companies and subsequent releases from settling parties.

5.1.2.   Participating Investor Releases.

          SFG or the Trustee  shall  execute and deliver to Robarge a release of
     the FRI Investor  Claims against  Robarge  assigned to SFG by FRI Investors
     who have elected to make such assignments.

5.2.     OBLIGATIONS OF ROBARGE.

5.2.1.   Cash Settlement.

          Robarge shall pay the sums of: $42,000 in cash from corporate entities
     (PR Edge  and  U.S.  Financial);  $20,000  in SFG FRI  certificate  claims;
     $12,000 in unpaid  vacation  claims;  and all other  assets of the  Robarge
     Companies,  including,  without  limitation,  those  assets of the  Robarge
     Companies identified in the attachments hereto.

5.2.2.   Real Estate and Other Assets.

          Robarge and each of the Robarge Companies shall execute deeds in favor
     of SFG covering the real  properties  described on Exhibit 2 which  Robarge
     hereby  represents  and  warrants  includes  all real  estate  (except  the
     homestead identified on Exhibit 4),  owned by Robarge or any of the Robarge
     Companies directly or indirectly. Robarge and each of the Robarge Companies
     shall  further  transfer  and  assign  all of the  property  identified  on
     Exhibit 5 including,  without limitation,  $123,542 in Mortgage Receivables
     (cash higher and mortgage receivables lower), $100,000 in Land and Building
     in Tucson,  Arizona (may be lower no appraisal)  and  $1,300,000 in Finance
     Receivables  all from PR Edge and U.S.  Financial.  (Virtually all of these
     accounts are delinquent and Mr. Robarge  estimates that the estate will not
     receive more than 10% of their value.)

5.2.3.   Corporate Interests.

          At the option of the Trustee,  Robarge  shall execute  assignments  in
     favor of SFG  covering  all  interests  of  Robarge  in  Spartan,  Sinclair
     Management  Services and CFV.  Robarge hereby  represents and warrants that
     all of the liabilities of the transferred assets from the Robarge Companies
     have  been  disclosed  on  Exhibit  3  attached  hereto.  Nothing  in  this
     stipulation shall require the Trustee to accept stock in any of the Robarge
     Companies.

5.2.4.   Assignment of Assets of the Robarge Companies.

          Robarge shall, on behalf of himself and the Robarge Companies, execute
     and deliver to SFG an assignment of any and all assets such  companies have
     transferred  and shall  release any and all claims he may have  against the
     Robarge Companies,  including but not limited to the $210,513 in restricted
     cash recorded for past installment  receivable  sales to Sinclair  National
     Bank, and a $5,000,000  note from Clarence  Stevens to Damian Sinclair (the
     note was subsequently transferred to Spartan).

5.2.5.   Release of Claims Against SFG.

          Robarge  shall  execute  and  deliver  to SFG a release  of any claims
     Robarge or any Robarge  affiliate may have against SFG, its  successors and
     assigns.

5.2.6.   Release of Claims Against Other Settling Parties.

          Robarge  shall execute and deliver a release of any claims he may have
     against any other Potential Defendant who enters into a settlement with the
     Trustee, including any future settlements.

6.       CONDITIONS TO SETTLEMENT EFFECTIVE DATE OBLIGATIONS.

          The  obligations  of each party on the  Settlement  Effective Date are
     subject to the following conditions:

6.1.     APPROVAL OF AGREEMENT.

          The Approval Order has been entered and has become a Final Order.

6.2.     PERFORMANCE BY OTHER PARTY.

          The other party to this  Stipulation  has tendered  performance of its
     obligations under section 5 hereof.

6.3.     ACCURACY OF REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES.

          The  representations  and  warranties   contained  in  section  4  and
     elsewhere  in this  stipulation  are true and  correct as of the  Effective
     Date.

7.       CONDITIONS TO EFFECTIVENESS OF RELEASES.

          Notwithstanding  any other provision hereof,  the releases provided to
     Robarge  shall not  release  any of the Estate  Claims or the FRI  Investor
     Claims to the extent that the Verified Statements required in section 2.2.3
     hereof are materially incorrect.

8.       TERMINATION.

8.1.     EVENTS OF TERMINATION.

          Prior to the Settlement  Effective Date, any party hereto may elect to
     terminate  this  Settlement  by  notice  to  the  other  parties  upon  the
     occurrence of any of the following events:

8.1.1.   Approval Motion.

          The Bankruptcy Court enters an order denying the Approval Motion.

8.1.2.   Approval Order.

          The Approval Order has not been entered by October 30, 2002.

8.1.3    Indictment

          Issuance  of a criminal  indictment  by the state of  Missouri  or the
     Justice Department of Stevens before the Effective Date.

8.2.     EFFECT OF TERMINATION.

          Upon termination of this Settlement  pursuant to this section 8,  this
     Settlement  shall  become null and of no force and effect,  and the parties
     will be entitled to the  restoration  of the status quo as it existed prior
     to the execution of this Settlement.

9.       MODIFICATION OF AGREEMENT

          This Agreement,  taken together with the Global Settlement  referenced
     above, is the complete and entire Agreement of the settling parties and may
     not be modified, changed, contradicted, edited or altered in any way by any
     prior or subsequent written or oral communications. This Agreement can only
     be modified in a writing signed by all of the settling parties.

10.      Confidentiality

          The Settling  Parties will maintain as  confidential  all  information
     that is not needed to obtain the entry of the Approval Order.

11.      Choice of Law

          This Agreement is to be interpreted in accordance  with the law of the
     State of  Arizona,  except to the extent that it may be governed by federal
     bankruptcy law.

12.      Representations and Warranties

          All representations,  warranties, promises, inducements, or statements
     of intention made by the settling parties  concerning the subject matter of
     this Agreement are embodied in this Agreement. None of the Settling Parties
     shall be bound by, or liable  for,  any alleged  representation,  warranty,
     inducement, or statement of intention concerning the subject matter of this
     Agreement that is not expressly embodied in this Agreement.

13.      Construction

          This  Agreement  is the  product of informed  negotiation  between the
     settling  parties,  involving the compromise of disputed claims and rights.
     Each of the  settling  parties  has  participated  in the  drafting of this
     Agreement after  consulting with their own legal counsel,  or has agreed to
     the terms of this Agreement after  consulting with their own legal counsel.
     In the event an ambiguity  exists in any provision of this Agreement,  such
     ambiguity is not to be construed by any  reference to any doctrine  calling
     for any  ambiguities to be resolved  against the drafter of the document or
     the insurer.

14.      Incorporation of Recitals

          The Recitals to this  Agreement  are hereby deemed to be a substantive
     part of this Agreement.

15.      Validity

          This Agreement  constitutes a valid,  binding, and legally enforceable
     agreement among the settling parties in accordance with its terms.

16.      Specific Performance

          The settling parties agree that  irreparable  damage would result from
     any  Party's   breach  of  this   Agreement,   and  further  agree  that  a
     non-breaching  Party would have no adequate  remedy at law to redress  such
     breach.  Therefore,  the  settling  parties  agree that,  in the event of a
     breach of this Agreement,  specific performance and/or injunctive relief is
     appropriate  to remedy any such breach of this  Agreement.  Notwithstanding
     the foregoing, nothing contained in this Paragraph shall be deemed a waiver
     by any non-breaching Party of any other remedies available at law or equity
     to redress any other Party's breach of this Agreement.

17.      Waiver of Jury Trial

          Each of the settling  parties  hereby  waives all rights to a trial by
     jury in any action or proceeding  commenced to resolve any disputes arising
     out of or  relating  to  the  interpretation  and/or  enforcement  of  this
     Agreement.

18.      Successors and Assigns

          This  Agreement  shall  inure to the benefit of the  settling  parties
     hereto and their respective successors and assigns.

19.      Headings

          Any headings used in this  Agreement are for  convenience of reference
     only and  shall not  affect  the  construction  or  interpretation  of this
     Agreement.

20.      EXECUTION

          This agreement may be executed in multiple  counterparts,  each one of
     which shall  constitute an original and all of which shall  constitute  one
     agreement.

         DATED this ____ day of September 2002.

TRUSTEE:

                                             ___________________________________
                                                      Vern Schweigert, Trustee



ROBARGE:


                                             ___________________________________
                                                     Patrick Robarge


                                             ___________________________________
                                                     PR Edge Financial Corp
                                                     Patrick Robarge, President


                                             ___________________________________
                                                     US Financial Corp
                                                     Patrick Robarge, President


                                             ___________________________________
                                                    Sinclair Management Services
                                                     Patrick Robarge, President


                                             ___________________________________
                                                     Canadian Financial Ventures
                                                     Patrick Robarge, President


                                             ___________________________________
                                                     Spartan Finance Company
                                                     Patrick Robarge, President



                                    EXHIBIT-1

                             CHALLENGED TRANSACTIONS

1.       The CFV loan sale to CFV.

2.       P.R. Edge line of credit from SFG.

3.       U.S. Financial and PR Edge servicing agreements.

4.       1995 Sale of stock in SFG

5.       Purchase of Sinclair Management Service stock.

6.       Service Agreement with Sinclair Management Services

7.       PR Edge loans sold to SFG

8.       US Financial loans sold to SFG.

9.       Mortgage on 12103  N. Farm Rd. 221,  Fair Grove, Mo.  Any previous loan
         by SFG or SMS to Robarge.

10.      Revolving line between Spartan and SFG.

11.      Spartan  receivable  from  Robarge on Spartan books at 3901 S. Fremont,
         Springfield, Mo.

12.      Real   property  at 3901 S.  Fremont,  Springfield,  Mo.,  purchased by
         US Financial and sold to Damian Sinclair.




                                    EXHIBIT 2

                               ROBARGE PROPERTIES

     1.   Real  property at 504 W.  Nebraska,  Tucson AZ,  subject to all unpaid
          real estate taxes.




                                    EXHIBIT 3

                          LIABILITIES AND ENCUMBRANCES

     The real property located at 504 W. Nebraska, Tucson, Arizona is encumbered
     by unpaid real estate taxes in the approximate amount of $11,287.

     Of  the  $42,000  in  cash  being  paid,   $3,182  reflect  unclaimed  cash
     collections  on behalf of SFG  and/or  the  Robarge  Companies  that may be
     subject to claims by the paying party.




                                    EXHIBIT 4

                                    HOMESTEAD

     12103 N. Farm Rd. #221

     Fair Grove, MO



                                    EXHIBIT 5

                               SOME OF THE ASSETS

                         TO BE TRANSFERRED TO THE ESTATE

     $123,524 in Mortgage Receivables.

     $100,000 in Land and Building in Tucson, Arizona.

     $1,300,000  in Finance  Receivables.  Virtually  all of these  accounts are
     delinquent and Mr. Robarge  estimates that the estate will not receive more
     than 10% of their value.

     $42,000 in cash from corporate entities (PR Edge and U.S. Financial).

     $20,000 in SFG FRI certificate claims.

     $12,000 in unpaid vacation claims.

     $10,000  furniture,  equipment,  computers  previously  transferred  to the
     Debtor in October 2001.

     $5,000,000  note from  Clarence  Stevens to Damian  Sinclair.  The note was
     subsequently transferred to Spartan.

     All  other  assets of the  Robarge  Companies  including  the  $210,513  in
     restricted cash recorded for past installment  receivable sales to Sinclair
     National Bank. Although it is assumed by P.R. Edge management that the FDIC
     will  attempt to offset these  amounts  against  losses on the  installment
     receivable sales subsequent to their sale date, an accurate  accounting has
     never been provided to Edge



                                    EXHIBIT 6

                   FINANCIAL INFORMATION SUBMITTED BY ROBARGE




                              SETTLEMENT AGREEMENT

                                      Date

     This Settlement Agreement ("Agreement") is dated as of November __, 2002.

                                     Parties
     The parties to this Agreement are:

     1.   Vern Schweigert,  the Chapter 11 Trustee for Stevens Financial Group ,
          Inc. ("Trustee"); and

     2.   The Stolar  Partnership  law firm located at 911 Washington  Avenue in
          St. Louis, Missouri, and at 10 South Jackson in Belleville,  Illinois,
          and its past,  present and future partners,  associates and employees,
          and  their  respective  heirs,  executors,  personal  representatives,
          administrators, successors, and assigns ("Stolar").

                                    Recitals

     3.   WHEREAS,  on March 19, 2001, Stevens Financial Group, Inc., a Missouri
          corporation,  ("SFG" as more fully  defined  below)  filed a voluntary
          petition for relief under Chapter 11 of the United  States  Bankruptcy
          Code under the caption of In re Stevens  Financial  Group,  Inc., Case
          No.  B-01-03105-ECF-RTB  (the "Bankruptcy Case"), in the United States
          Bankruptcy  Court for the District of Arizona,  Phoenix  Division (the
          "Bankruptcy Court");

     4.   WHEREAS,  Vern  Schweigert,  the Chapter 11 Trustee  was  subsequently
          appointed in connection with SFG's Bankruptcy Case;

     5.   WHEREAS,  potential  claims  could have been  asserted  by the Trustee
          against  Stolar in connection  with the work that Stolar  performed on
          behalf of SFG and/or the Trustee  prior to and after the filing of the
          Bankruptcy Case;

     6.   WHEREAS,   Stolar  denies  any  liability  in  connection  with  these
          potential claims;

     7.   WHEREAS,  the  litigation  of these  potential  claims  would  involve
          numerous  complex  issues  of fact and law,  the  outcome  of which is
          uncertain;

     8.   WHEREAS,  the  Trustee  and Stolar  desire to settle  these  potential
          claims in the manner set forth herein to avoid the substantial  costs,
          risks and uncertainties of litigation;

     9.   WHEREAS, the Trustee and numerous other parties have entered into that
          certain Global Settlement Agreement dated as of October __, 2002 to be
          submitted for approval by the Bankruptcy  Court in the Bankruptcy Case
          (hereinafter the "Global Settlement Agreement");

     10.  WHEREAS,   this  Agreement  affords  substantial   benefits  to  SFG's
          bankruptcy estate and its creditors;

                                   Agreements

     11.  Settlement  Payment.  No later than five (5)  business  days after the
          Effective Date of the Global Settlement  Agreement as defined therein,
          Stolar shall pay the SFG's bankruptcy  estate  $100,000.  In addition,
          Stolar shall execute a waiver and release of its outstanding claims in
          the Bankruptcy Court for unpaid  pre-petition fees and expenses in the
          amount of $232,566.64 and for unpaid  post-petition  fees and expenses
          in the amount of $74,920.90, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A.
          Neither  the  Trustee  nor SFG shall be liable to Stolar for any other
          unpaid  fees or  expenses  incurred  by Stolar on behalf of SFG or the
          Trustee prior to the Effective Date.

     12.  Mutual Releases.  The Trustee agrees that, for and in consideration of
          Stolar's  Settlement  Payment,  the Trustee and Stolar  shall  execute
          mutual  releases in the form  attached as Exhibits  C-1 and C-2 to the
          Global Settlement Agreement. In addition,  Stolar shall receive mutual
          releases  from all  Settling  Parties  (as that term is defined in the
          Global Settlement  Agreement),  as provided for under the terms of the
          Global Settlement Agreement.

     13.  Bankruptcy  Court  Approval.  This Agreement shall be binding upon the
          undersigned  Parties  upon its  execution,  but its  effectiveness  is
          expressly  contingent  upon  the  entry by the  Bankruptcy  Court of a
          "Final Approval Order." "Final Approval Order" shall mean the entry by
          the  Bankruptcy  Court of an order  approving  this  Agreement and the
          Global  Settlement  Agreement  as  defined  in the  Global  Settlement
          Agreement. As explained in the Global Settlement Agreement,  the Final
          Approval  Order shall also  provide  that the  Bankruptcy  Court shall
          retain continuing jurisdiction over the enforcement of this Agreement.
          Each  of  the  Parties  hereto  consents  to the  jurisdiction  of the
          Bankruptcy Court for these purposes.

     14.  Indemnification.  Pursuant  to  the  terms  of the  Global  Settlement
          Agreement,  Stolar is entitled to be indemnified  and held harmless by
          the  Indemnitors  from  all  liability  and  expenses,  including  its
          attorneys'  fees, in connection with all indemnified  claims under the
          Global Settlement Agreement, including without limitation, indemnified
          claims  under  paragraph  12  therein.  It is hereby  agreed that such
          indemnity includes, without limitation, Stolar's entitlement to retain
          counsel of its choice in the defense of all such indemnified claims.

     15.  No  Admission  of  Liability.  The entry into this  Agreement  and the
          various   documentation   and   discussions  in  connection  with  its
          negotiation  and execution  shall not  constitute any admission by any
          Party hereto of any liability to the other, any and all such liability
          being  expressly  denied.   The  documents  drafted  and  executed  in
          connection  with this  Agreement  shall not be used as evidence in any
          action or proceeding except as part of its approval or enforcement.

     16.  Confidentiality.  The Parties hereto will maintain as confidential all
          information  that is not  needed  to  obtain  the  entry of the  Final
          Approval Order, unless otherwise required by law.

     17.  Choice of Law. This Agreement is to be interpreted in accordance  with
          the law of the State of  Arizona,  except to the extent that it may be
          governed by federal bankruptcy law.

     18.  Execution in Counterparts.  This Agreement may be signed in any number
          of counterparts, all of which when taken together shall constitute one
          and the same agreement.

     19.  Amendment.  This Agreement is the complete and entire Agreement of the
          Parties  concerning the subject matter hereto and may not be modified,
          changed,  contradicted,  edited or  altered in any way by any prior or
          subsequent written or oral communications.  This Agreement can only be
          modified in a writing signed by both of the Parties.

     20.  Representations  and  Warranties.  All  representations,   warranties,
          promises,  inducements, or statements of intention made by the Parties
          concerning  the subject  matter of this Agreement are embodied in this
          Agreement or the Global Settlement  Agreement.  Neither of the Parties
          hereto shall be bound by, or liable for,  any alleged  representation,
          warranty, inducement, or statement of intention concerning the subject
          matter  of this  Agreement  that  is not  expressly  embodied  in this
          Agreement or the Global Settlement Agreement.

     21.  Construction.  This  Agreement is the product of informed  negotiation
          between the  Parties  hereto,  involving  the  compromise  of disputed
          claims  and  rights.  Each  of the  Parties  has  participated  in the
          drafting of this Agreement after  consulting with his, her, or its own
          legal  counsel,  or has  agreed to the terms of this  Agreement  after
          consulting  with his, her, or its own legal  counsel.  In the event an
          ambiguity exists in any provision of this Agreement, such ambiguity is
          not to be construed by any  reference to any doctrine  calling for any
          ambiguities to be resolved against the drafter of the document.

     22.  Incorporation  of Recitals.  The Recitals to this Agreement are hereby
          deemed to be a substantive part of this Agreement.

     23.  Validity.  This Agreement  constitutes a valid,  binding,  and legally
          enforceable  agreement  between  the  Parties in  accordance  with its
          terms.

     24.  Waiver of Jury Trial.  Each of the Parties hereby waives all rights to
          a trial by jury in any action or  proceeding  commenced to resolve any
          disputes  arising  out of or  relating  to the  interpretation  and/or
          enforcement of this Agreement.

     25.  Successors and Assigns.  This Agreement  shall inure to the benefit of
          the Parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns.

     26.  Authority.  Except  for any  Bankruptcy  Court  approval  which may be
          required,   each  of  the  signatories  for  the  undersigned  Parties
          represents and warrants that he or she has full power and authority to
          execute this Agreement and to bind the respective Parties hereto. Each
          of the Parties either is signing this Agreement or has authorized his,
          her or its counsel to sign as agent for the Party.

     27.  Headings.  Any headings used in this Agreement are for  convenience of
          reference only and shall not affect the construction or interpretation
          of this Agreement.






________________________________________________________________________________
     VERN  SCHWEIGERT,  in  his  capacity  as  |  THE  STOLAR PARTNERSHIP
     CHAPTER  11  TRUSTEE  FOR STEVENS         |
     FINANCIAL GROUP, INC.                     |
                                               |
                                               |  By ___________________________
                                               |   Harvey H. Harris
      ______________________________           |
                                               |  Its __________________________
                                               |
_______________________________________________|________________________________


                                    Exhibit A

                         UNITED STATES BANKRUPTCY COURT

                               DISTRICT OF ARIZONA

In re:                                        )
                                              )       Chapter 11 Proceedings
STEVENS FINANCIAL GROUP, INC., a              )
Missouri corporation,                         )       Case No. 01-03105-ECF-RTB
                                              )
                           Debtor.            )
______________________________________________)


                  Waiver and Release by The Stolar Partnership
              of its outstanding claims for unpaid Pre-Petition and
                        Post- Petition Fees and Expenses

          Comes Now The Stolar  Partnership  and hereby  waives and releases its
     outstanding  claims in the above referenced matter for unpaid  pre-petition
     fees and expenses in the amount of $232,566.64 and for unpaid post-petition
     fees and  expenses  in the amount of  $74,920.90  incurred on behalf of the
     Sinclair Financial Group, Inc., the Bankruptcy Estate and/or the Trustee.

                                              The Stolar Partnership



                                            By:_________________________________
                                             Harvey H. Harris
                                             911 Washington Avenue, 7th Floor
                                             St. Louis, MO  63101
                                             (314) 231-2800, Fax: (314) 436-8400



                            SETTLEMENT AGREEMENT

                                      Date

     This  Settlement  Agreement  ("Agreement")  is dated as of November _, 2002
     (the "Effective Date").

                                     Parties

     The parties to this Agreement are:

     1.   Vern  Schweigert,  the Chapter 11 Trustee for Stevens  Financial Group
          ("Trustee"); and

     2.   Greystone  Securities  Corporation   ("Greystone");   First  Financial
          Consultants, Inc., ("First Financial").

     3.   Mr. and Mrs.  John Gill  ("Gill")  individually  and as tenants by the
          entirety;  Mr. and Mrs. Alan K. Suiter ("Suiter")  individually and as
          tenants by the entirety; and David Henson ("Henson").

                                    Recitals

     4.   WHEREAS,  on March 19,  2001,  Stevens  Financial  Group,  a  Missouri
          corporation,  ("SFG" as more fully  defined  below)  filed a voluntary
          petition for relief under Chapter 11 of the United  States  Bankruptcy
          Code  under the  caption of In re Stevens  Financial  Group,  Case No.
          B-01-03105-ECF-RTB  (the  "Bankruptcy  Case"),  in the  United  States
          Bankruptcy  Court for the District of Arizona,  Phoenix  Division (the
          "Bankruptcy Court");

     5.   WHEREAS,  Vern  Schweigert,  the Chapter 11 Trustee  was  subsequently
          appointed in connection with SFG's Bankruptcy Case;

     6.   WHEREAS,  claims have been asserted by the Trustee  against  Greystone
          and First  Financial in  Schweigert  v.  Greystone,  et al.,  Case No.
          B-01-3105,  ECF-RTB, Adv. No. 01-1113, in the United States Bankruptcy
          Court for the District of Arizona (the "Adversary Case") in connection
          with the work that Greystone and First  Financial  performed on behalf
          of SFG prior to the filing of the Bankruptcy Case;

     7.   WHEREAS;  potential  claims  could have been  asserted  by the Trustee
          against  Greystone,  First  Financial,  Suiter,  Gill  and  Henson  in
          connection  with  actions  undertaken  by these  parties  prior to the
          filing of the SFG Bankruptcy Case;

     8.   WHEREAS,  Greystone,  First  Financial,  Suiter,  Gill and Henson deny
          liability in connection with these claims and potential claims;

     9.   WHEREAS,   Henson  has  asserted  claims  against  Jerry  Fenstermaker
          ("Fenstermaker")  the Chief Executive Officer of SFG, in a state court
          action originally brought in Sinclair,  et al., v. Fenstermaker,  Case
          No. 102CC2625, Greene County,Circuit Court, Missouri

     10.  WHEREAS,  the  litigation of these claims and  potential  claims would
          involve  numerous  complex issues of fact or law, the outcome of which
          is uncertain;

     11.  WHEREAS, the Trustee and First Financial, Greystone, Suiter, Gill, and
          Henson desire to settle these  disputes in the manner set forth herein
          to avoid the substantial costs, risks and uncertainties of litigation;

     12.  WHEREAS, the Trustee and numerous other parties have entered into that
          certain  Global  Settlement  Agreement  dated as of October  25,  2002
          approved  by the  United  States  Bankruptcy  Court  in the case In re
          Stevens Financial Group, Inc., Case No. B-0103105-ECF-RTB (hereinafter
          the "Global Settlement Agreement");

     13.  WHEREAS,   this  Agreement  affords  substantial   benefits  to  SFG's
          bankruptcy estate and its creditors;

                                   Agreements

     14.  Settlement Payment and Guaranty. No later than (5) business days after
          the Effective Date of the Global Settlement Agreement, First Financial
          shall pay the SFG's  bankruptcy  estate  $40,000.  In addition,  First
          Financial  shall  execute a  promissory  note (the "Note") in the form
          attached  hereto as Exhibit A, to pay an  additional  $35,000 to SFG's
          bankruptcy  estate.  Suiter and Gill,  and their marital  communities,
          shall personally guarantee the $35,000 note from First Financial.

     15.  Mutual Releases.  The Trustee agrees that, for and in consideration of
          First Financial's Settlement Payment, the Trustee and Greystone, First
          Financial,  Suiter,  Gill and Henson shall execute mutual  releases in
          the form attached as Exhibit C-1 to the Global  Settlement  Agreement.
          In addition,  First  Financial,  Greystone,  Suiter,  Gill, and Henson
          shall receive mutual releases from all Settling  Parties (as that term
          is defined in the Global Settlement Agreement),  as provided for under
          the terms of the  Global  Settlement  Agreement.  In  addition  to the
          releases  provided  in the Global  Settlement  Agreement,  the Trustee
          further agrees to release Greystone, First Financial, Suiter, Gill and
          Henson from  arising  out of any of their  (corporate  or  individual)
          alleged activity involved with the Concerned  Investors Group (C.I.G.)
          or Helen Chaitman,  or in any way related to motions filed or relating
          to Raymond Furlong's motions or Plaintiff's  motions relating thereto,
          and without  limiting the  foregoing,  those  proceedings  in Case No.
          01-03105 ECF-RTB, and to the extent provided in the Global Settlement,
          Indemnitors  agree to indemnify and hold harmless the herein mentioned
          Greystone, First Financial, Suiter, Gill, and Henson.

     16.  No  Admission  of  Liability.  The entry into this  Agreement  and the
          various   documentation   and   discussions  in  connection  with  its
          negotiation  and execution  shall not  constitute any admission by any
          Party hereto of any liability to the other, any and all such liability
          being  expressly  denied.   The  documents  drafted  and  executed  in
          connection  with this  Agreement  shall not be used as evidence in any
          action or proceeding except as part of its approval or enforcement.

     17.  Bankruptcy  Court  Approval.  This Agreement shall be binding upon the
          undersigned  Parties  upon its  execution,  but its  effectiveness  is
          expressly  contingent  upon  the  entry by the  Bankruptcy  Court of a
          "Final Approval Order." "Final Approval Order" shall mean the entry by
          the  Bankruptcy  Court of an order  approving  this  Agreement and the
          Global  Settlement  Agreement  as  defined  in the  Global  Settlement
          Agreement. As explained in the Global Settlement Agreement,  the Final
          Approval  Order shall also  provide  that the  Bankruptcy  Court shall
          retain continuing jurisdiction over the enforcement of this Agreement.
          Each Party consents to the  jurisdiction  of the Bankruptcy  Court for
          these purposes.

     18.  Confidentiality.   The  Parties  will  maintain  as  confidential  all
          information  that is not  needed  to  obtain  the  entry of the  Final
          Approval Order, unless otherwise required by law.

     19.  Choice of Law. This Agreement is to be interpreted in accordance  with
          the law of the State of  Arizona,  except to the extent that it may be
          governed by federal bankruptcy law.

     20.  Execution in Counterparts.  This Agreement may be signed in any number
          of counterparts, all of which when taken together shall constitute one
          and the same agreement.

     21.  Amendment.  This Agreement setting forth the Agreement is the complete
          and entire Agreement of the Parties and may not be modified,  changed,
          contradicted,  edited or altered in any way by any prior or subsequent
          written or oral communications. This Agreement can only be modified in
          a writing signed by both Parties.

     22.  Representations  and  Warranties.  All  representations,   warranties,
          promises,  inducements, or statements of intention made by the Parties
          concerning  the subject  matter of the  Agreement are embodied in this
          Agreement  or the Global  Settlement  Agreement.  None of the Settling
          Parties shall be bound by, or liable for, any alleged  representation,
          warranty, inducement, or statement of intention concerning the subject
          matter  of the  Agreement  that  is not  expressly  embodied  in  this
          Agreement or the Global Settlement Agreement.

     23.  Construction.  This  Agreement is the product of informed  negotiation
          between the Settling  Parties,  involving  the  compromise of disputed
          claims  and  rights.  Each  of the  Parties  has  participated  in the
          drafting of this  Agreement  after  consulting  with his, her, its own
          legal  counsel,  or has  agreed to the terms of this  Agreement  after
          consulting  with  his,  her,  its own legal  counsel.  In the event an
          ambiguity exists in any provision of this Agreement, such ambiguity is
          not to be construed by any  reference to any doctrine  calling for any
          ambiguities to be resolved against the drafter of the document.

     24.  Incorporation  of Recitals.  The Recitals to this Agreement are hereby
          deemed to be a substantive part of this Agreement.

     25.  Validity.  This  Agreement  setting forth the Agreement  constitutes a
          valid, binding, and legally enforceable agreement among the Parties in
          accordance with its terms.

     26.  Waiver of Jury Trial.  Each of the Parties hereby waives all rights to
          a trial by jury in any action or  proceeding  commenced to resolve any
          disputes  arising  out of or  relating  to the  interpretation  and/or
          enforcement of this Agreement.

     27.  Successors and Assigns.  This Agreement  shall inure to the benefit of
          the Parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns.

     28.  Authority.  Except  for any  Bankruptcy  Court  approval  which may be
          required,   each  of  the  signatories  for  the  undersigned  Parties
          represents  and  warrants  that they have full power and  authority to
          execute this Agreement and to bind the respective Parties hereto. Each
          of the Parties either is signing this Agreement or has authorized his,
          her or its counsel to sign as agent for the Party.

     29.  Headings.  Any headings used in this Agreement are for  convenience of
          reference only and shall not affect the construction or interpretation
          of this Agreement.



     VERN SCHWEIGERT, in his capacity as         GREYSTONE SECURITIES CORP.
     CHAPTER 11 TRUSTEE  FOR STEVENS
     FINANCIAL GROUP

                                                 By ____________________________
     ______________________________
                                                 Its ___________________________

     FIRST FINANCIAL CONSULTANTS, INC.           ALAN K. & SUSAN SUITER


     By  ______________________________           ______________________________

     Its  _____________________________           ______________________________


     JOHN & KELLY GILL                            DAVID HENSON


     ______________________________               ______________________________


     ______________________________





                ASSIGNMENT AGREEMENT AND COVENANT NOT TO EXECUTE

                                      Date

     This  Assignment  Agreement and Covenant Not to Execute (the  "Covenant" or
     "Agreement") is dated as of November __, 2002 (the "Effective Date").

                                     Parties

     The parties to this Covenant are:

     1.   Vern  Schweigert,  the Chapter 11 Trustee for Stevens  Financial Group
          ("Trustee"); and

     2.   First Financial Trust Company ("FFTC").

     3.   John Sandager,  Doug McKinnon,  John Moore,  Terry White,  John Fidel,
          Mike Lutgen,  J.R.  Dotson,  C.J. Sands, P. Sheldon Wright,  and James
          McKinnon (collectively referred to as the "FFTC Officers & Directors")

                                    Recitals

     4.   WHEREAS,  on March 19,  2001,  Stevens  Financial  Group,  a  Missouri
          corporation,  ("SFG" as more fully  defined  below)  filed a voluntary
          petition for relief under Chapter 11 of the United  States  Bankruptcy
          Code  under the  caption of In re Stevens  Financial  Group,  Case No.
          B-01-03105-ECF-RTB  (the  "Bankruptcy  Case"),  in the  United  States
          Bankruptcy  Court for the District of Arizona,  Phoenix  Division (the
          "Bankruptcy Court");

     5.   WHEREAS,  Vern  Schweigert,  the Chapter 11 Trustee  was  subsequently
          appointed in connection with SFG's Bankruptcy Case;

     6.   WHEREAS, Claims or Potential Claims have been asserted by the Trustee,
          against FFTC and other  defendants  in connection  with  Schweigert v.
          Sinclair, et al., Adv. No. 01-1319 PHX-RTB;

     7.   WHEREAS Claims or Potential  Claims have been asserted by the Trustee,
          against FFTC's  Officers & Directors in connection  with Schweigert v.
          Sandager, et al., Adv. No. 02-774 PHX-RTB (the "Sandager Action");

     8.   WHEREAS, FFTC and FFTC's Officers & Directors have denied liability in
          connection  with these claims,  and FFTC's Insurer,  BancInsure,  Inc.
          ("BancInsure")  has denied  liability  and/or  reserved rights to deny
          liability in connection  with any  insurance  purported to cover these
          Claims or Potential Claims;

     9.   WHEREAS the Trustee has made a settlement  offer to FFTC's Officer's &
          Directors  for an amount  within the policy  limits of the Directors &
          Officers Liability Policy issued by BancInsure;

     10.  WHEREAS BancInsure has refused to defend or settle the claims, and has
          initiated  arbitration  in an attempt to rescind  coverage  for FFTC's
          Officers & Directors;

     11.  WHEREAS,  the  litigation  of these Claims or Potential  Claims and of
          insurance  issues  related to those Claims or  Potential  Claims would
          involve  numerous  complex issues of fact or law, the outcome of which
          is uncertain;

     12.  WHEREAS, the Trustee,  FFTC, and FFTC's Officers & Directors desire to
          settle  these  disputes  in the manner  set forth  herein to avoid the
          substantial costs, risks and uncertainties of litigation;

     13.  WHEREAS,   this  Covenant  affords   substantial   benefits  to  SFG's
          bankruptcy estate and its creditors;

                                   Agreements

     14.  Stipulations to Judgment.  Upon execution of this Covenant, FFTC shall
          execute  the  Stipulation  for  Entry of  Judgment  in the  amount  of
          $68,000,000 for filing with the Court.  Under that  Stipulation,  FFTC
          consents  to having a Judgment  entered  against it.  Further,  one of
          FFTC's  Officers & Directors  shall execute a Stipulation for Entry of
          Judgment as to the issue of liability  only with respect to the claims
          brought by the Trustee in the Sandager Action.

     15.  Assignment of Claims. FFTC and FFTC's Officers & Directors will assign
          to the Trustee, as SFG's Chapter 11 Trustee, all of its claims against
          BancInsure,  including but not limited to its  contractual  claims and
          its bad faith, failure to defend, failure to settle, and any statutory
          claims  ("Failure  to Settle  Claims"),  except  that FFTC and  FFTC's
          Officers & Directors  shall  retain their  claims for  attorneys  fees
          against BancInsure.

     16.  Consent  to  Damages  Trial.  As the  Trustee  and  FFTC's  Officers &
          Directors have not agreed as to the appropriate  amount of damages for
          the Sandager Action, FFTC's Officers & Directors agree to hold a trial
          on the issue of damages only in the Bankruptcy Court  (hereinafter the
          "Damages  Trial").  The Trustee and FFTC's Officers & Directors retain
          all their legal rights and defenses with respect to the Damages Trial.

     17.  Covenant Not to Execute.  The Trustee,  SFG, and the Investors,  agree
          that,  for and in  consideration  of  FFTC's  and  FFTC's  Officers  &
          Directors  assignment  of their  Failure  to Settle  Claims and FFTC's
          Officers &  Directors  consent  to the  Damages  Trial,  thye will not
          execute  upon  the  Judgments   against  FFTC  or  FFTC's  Officers  &
          Directors;

     18.  Bankruptcy  Court  Approval.  This Covenant  shall be binding upon the
          undersigned  Parties  upon its  execution,  but its  effectiveness  is
          expressly  contingent  upon  the  entry by the  Bankruptcy  Court of a
          "Final Approval  Order." As used herein,  "Final Approval Order" shall
          mean the  entry by the  Bankruptcy  Court of an order  approving  this
          Covenant in full  pursuant to Rules 9019 and 2002 of the Federal Rules
          of Bankruptcy Procedure,  after notice to all creditors of SFG and any
          other interested parties, and which order is not subject to any rights
          of  appeal.  The Final  Approval  Order  shall also  provide  that the
          Bankruptcy  Court  shall  retain  continuing   jurisdiction  over  the
          enforcement of this Covenant.  Each Party consents to the jurisdiction
          of the Bankruptcy Court for these purposes.

     19.  Confidentiality.   The  Parties  will  maintain  as  confidential  all
          information  that is not  needed  to  obtain  the  entry of the  Final
          Approval Order.

     20.  Choice of Law. This Covenant is to be interpreted  in accordance  with
          the law of the State of  Arizona,  except to the extent that it may be
          governed by federal bankruptcy law.

     21.  Execution in  Counterparts.  This Covenant may be signed in any number
          of counterparts, all of which when taken together shall constitute one
          and the same agreement.

     22.  Amendment.  This Agreement  setting forth the Covenant is the complete
          and entire Agreement of the Parties and may not be modified,  changed,
          contradicted,  edited or altered in any way by any prior or subsequent
          written or oral communications. This Agreement can only be modified in
          a writing signed by both Parties.

     23.  Representations  and  Warranties.  All  representations,   warranties,
          promises,  inducements, or statements of intention made by the Parties
          concerning  the subject  matter of the  Covenant  are embodied in this
          Agreement.  None of the Settling  Parties shall be bound by, or liable
          for, any alleged representation, warranty, inducement, or statement of
          intention  concerning  the subject  matter of the Covenant that is not
          expressly embodied in this Agreement.

     24.  Construction.  This  Covenant is the  product of informed  negotiation
          between the Settling  Parties,  involving  the  compromise of disputed
          claims  and  rights.  Each  of the  Parties  has  participated  in the
          drafting  of this  Agreement  after  consulting  with  their own legal
          counsel, or has agreed to the terms of this Agreement after consulting
          with their own legal counsel.  In the event an ambiguity exists in any
          provision of this Agreement,  such ambiguity is not to be construed by
          any  reference  to any  doctrine  calling  for any  ambiguities  to be
          resolved against the drafter of the document or the insurer.

     25.  Incorporation  of Recitals.  The Recitals to this Agreement are hereby
          deemed to be a substantive part of this Agreement.

     26.  Validity.  This  Agreement  setting  forth the Covenant  constitutes a
          valid, binding, and legally enforceable agreement among the Parties in
          accordance with its terms.

     27.  Waiver of Jury Trial.  Each of the Parties hereby waives all rights to
          a trial by jury in any action or  proceeding  commenced to resolve any
          disputes  arising  out of or  relating  to the  interpretation  and/or
          enforcement of this Agreement.

     28.  Successors and Assigns.  This Agreement  shall inure to the benefit of
          the Parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns.

     29.  Authority.  Except  for any  Bankruptcy  Court  approval  which may be
          required,   each  of  the  signatories  for  the  undersigned  Parties
          represents  and  warrants  that they have full power and  authority to
          execute this Agreement and to bind the respective Parties hereto. Each
          of the Parties either is signing this Agreement or has authorized his,
          her or its counsel to sign as agent for the Party.

     30.  Headings.  Any headings used in this Agreement are for  convenience of
          reference only and shall not affect the construction or interpretation
          of this Agreement.



     VERN  SCHWEIGERT,  in his  capacity as       FIRST  FINANCIAL TRUST COMPANY
     CHAPTER 11 TRUSTEE  FOR STEVENS
     FINANCIAL GROUP

                                                  By ___________________________

     ______________________________               Its __________________________




     ______________________________              _______________________________
     John Sandager                               Doug McKinnon



     ______________________________              _______________________________
     John Moore                                  Terry White



     ______________________________              _______________________________
     John Fidel                                  Mike Lutgen



     ______________________________              _______________________________
     J.R. Dotson                                 C.J. Sands



     ______________________________              _______________________________
     P. Sheldon Wright                           James McKinnon

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
