<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>file004.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 2
<TEXT>
                                   Exhibit 2

                             SETTLEMENT AND RELEASE

     This settlement and Release (the  "Settlement and Release") is entered into
as of December 16, 2002, and effective retroactively from September 15, 2002, by
and between  About,  Inc.  ("About")  with offices at 249 West 17th Street,  2nd
Floor, New York, New York, 10018 and  BeautyBuys.com,  Inc.  ("BeautyBuys") with
offices at 1175 Walt Whitman Road, Melville,  New York 11747 (each a "Party" and
collectively the "Parties").

     WHEREAS,  About and  BeautyBuys  are  currently  parties to a lawsuit  (the
"Lawsuit"),  whereby  BeautyBuys has brought claims against About in the Suffolk
County District Court of the State of New York in connection with an advertising
agreement entered into in August 1999 by About and BeautyBuys (the "Agreement");

     WHEREAS, the Parties hereby agree that in settlement of the Lawsuit and all
other  disputes  arising  between the Parties in connection  with the Agreement,
About and  BeautyBuys  will execute this  settlement  and Release and BeautyBuys
will file a stipulation dismissing the Lawsuit with prejudice;

     NOW  THEREFORE,  in  consideration  of the foregoing and for other and good
consideration the Parties do hereby agree as follows:

     1.  The  Parties  hereby  agree  that  all of  the  terms,  conditions  and
         obligations  of the Parties in connection  with the Agreement have been
         terminated and are of no further force and effect.

     3.  Within  five (5) days of  execution  of this  Settlement  and  Release,
         BeautyBuys   shall  file,   or  cause  to  be  filed,   a   stipulation
         disconnecting   the  Lawsuit  (such   stipulation   to  be  filed  with
         prejudice).

     4.  For good and valuable consideration, the sufficiency of which is hereby
         recognized,   BeautyBuys,  its  parent,   subsidiaries  and  affiliates
         together  with  their  respective  shareholders,  officers,  directors,
         partners,   employees,   agents  and   successor   and   assigns   (the
         "Releasors"), hereby irrevocably and unconditionally release About, its
         parent,  subsidiaries  and affiliates,  together with their  respective
         shareholders,  officers,  directors,  partners,  employees,  agents and
         successors  and assigns  (the  "Releasees")  from any and all  charges,
         complaints,  claims, liabilities,  obligations,  promises,  agreements,
         causes  of  actions,   rights,  costs,  losses,  debts,  and  expenses,
         including  without  limitation  attorney  fees and court costs,  of any
         nature whatsoever known or unknown which the Releasor ever had, now has
         or hereafter  can,  shall or may have by reason of any matter,  fact of
         cause  whatsoever  known or unknown  from the  beginning of time to the
         date of the Release in connection with the Agreement.

     5.  For good and valuable consideration, the sufficiency of which is hereby
         acknowledge,  About, its parents, subsidiaries and affiliates, together
         with their  respective  shareholders,  officers,  directors,  partners,
         employees,  agents,  successors  and assigns,  (the "About  Releasors")
         hereby irrevocably and unconditionally release BeautyBuys, its parents,
         subsidiaries   and   affiliates,   together   with   their   respective
         shareholders,   officers,   directors,   partners,  employees,  agents,
         successors and assigns,  the "BeautyBuys  Releasees")  from any and all
         charges,  complaints,  claims,  liabilities,   obligations,   promises,
         agreements,   causes  of  action,  rights,  costs,  losses,  debts  and
         expenses,  including without limitation  attorney fees and court costs,
         of any nature known or unknown, which the About Releasors ever had, now
         has, or hereafter can, shall or may have by reason of any matter,  fact
         or cause  whatsoever known or unknown from the beginning of time to the
         date of this Release in connection with the Agreement.

<PAGE>

     6.  This Release (A) constitutes the binding agreement between the Parties;
         (B) represents the entire agreement  between the Parties and supersedes
         all prior agreements  relating to the subject matter contained  herein,
         including, without limitation, the Services and (C) may not be modified
         or amended except in writing signed by the Parties.

     8.  This  Release  may  be  executed   simultaneously   in  any  number  of
         counterparts,  each of  which  shall be an  original,  but all of which
         together shall be deemed to be one and the same instrument.

     9.  The Parties agree that this Release does not  constitute  and is not to
         be construed  as an  admission by either Party of (A) any  violation of
         any federal,  state,  or local law,  statute or regulation,  or (B) the
         commission by either Party of any other actionable wrong.

     10. This Release shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with the
         laws of , the State of New York without regard to the conflicts of laws
         principles  thereof  and any action  rising out of or  relating to this
         Release  shall be brought in the state and federal  courts of the State
         of New York, New York County.

     IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  the Parties  hereto have executed and delivered  this
Release as of the date first entered above.

For BeautyBuys.com, Inc.                             For About, Inc.

Mair Faibish                                         Chris Fraser
-------------                                        ----------------

President                                            Vice President
-------------                                        ----------------

December 16, 2002                                    12/17/02
-------------                                        ----------------

/s/ Mair Faibish                                     /s/ Chris Fraser
-------------                                        ----------------



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
