<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>exh10_16.txt
<DESCRIPTION>THE HARTFORD FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP
<TEXT>
                     THE HARTFORD DEFERRED COMPENSATION PLAN


                                    ARTICLE I
                                     PURPOSE

1.1 PURPOSE.  The purpose of the Plan is to provide,  in the  discretion  of the
Committee,  an  opportunity  for certain Key  Employees  to defer the receipt of
certain  Eligible  Compensation  to the  extent  provided  herein.  The  Plan is
intended  to  constitute  an  unfunded  and  unsecured   deferred   compensation
arrangement for a select group of management or highly compensated employees for
purposes of ERISA. The Plan restates the terms of certain unfunded and unsecured
deferred  compensation  arrangements  established  for  such  employees  by  ITT
Corporation  and The Hartford in 1994 and 1995, and continued by The Hartford to
the extent provided hereunder. Capitalized terms used in the Plan shall have the
meanings provided herein.


                                   ARTICLE II
                                   DEFINITIONS

The following terms shall have the following meanings for purposes of the Plan:

"ACCOUNT"  means any account  maintained on behalf of a Participant  pursuant to
 -------
the Plan.

"ACT" means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
 ---

"BENEFICIAL  OWNER" means any Person who, directly or indirectly,  has the right
 -----------------
to vote or dispose of or has "beneficial  ownership" (within the meaning of Rule
13d-3 under the Act) of any  securities  of a company,  including any such right
pursuant  to any  agreement,  arrangement  or  understanding  (whether or not in
writing),  provided that: (A) a Person shall not be deemed the Beneficial  Owner
           -------------
of any security as a result of an agreement,  arrangement  or  understanding  to
vote such security (i) arising solely from a revocable proxy or consent given in
response to a public  proxy or consent  solicitation  made  pursuant  to, and in
accordance with, the Act and the applicable rules and regulations thereunder, or
(ii) made in connection with, or to otherwise participate in, a proxy or consent
solicitation  made,  or to be made,  pursuant to, and in  accordance  with,  the
applicable  provisions  of the Act  and the  applicable  rules  and  regulations
thereunder, in either case described in clause (i) or (ii) above, whether or not
such  agreement,  arrangement or  understanding  is also then reportable by such
Person on Schedule 13D under the Act (or any  comparable  or successor  report);
and (B) a Person engaged in business as an  underwriter of securities  shall not
be deemed to be the  Beneficial  Owner of any  security  acquired  through  such
Person's participation in good faith in a firm commitment underwriting until the
expiration of forty days after the date of such acquisition.

REV.  JANUARY, 2003


<PAGE>


"BOARD OF  DIRECTORS"  means the Board of Directors  of The  Hartford  Financial
 -------------------
Services Group, Inc.

"CHANGE OF CONTROL" means:
 -----------------

         (A) a report on  Schedule  13D shall be filed with the  Securities  and
         Exchange  Commission  pursuant to Section  13(d) of the Act  disclosing
         that  any  Person,  other  than The  Hartford  or a  subsidiary  of The
         Hartford or any employee  benefit  plan  sponsored by The Hartford or a
         subsidiary  of  The  Hartford,  is the  Beneficial  Owner  directly  or
         indirectly of twenty  percent or more of the  outstanding  stock of The
         Hartford entitled to vote in the election of directors of The Hartford;

         (B) any Person, other than The Hartford or a subsidiary of The Hartford
         or any employee  benefit plan sponsored by The Hartford or a subsidiary
         of The Hartford,  shall purchase  shares  pursuant to a tender offer or
         exchange  offer to acquire  any stock of The  Hartford  (or  securities
         convertible   into   stock)   for   cash,   securities   or  any  other
         consideration,  provided  that after  consummation  of the  offer,  the
         Person in question is the Beneficial  Owner of fifteen  percent or more
         of the  outstanding  stock  of The  Hartford  entitled  to  vote in the
         election  of  directors  of The  Hartford  (calculated  as  provided in
         paragraph  (d) of Rule  13d-3  under  the Act in the case of  rights to
         acquire stock);

         (C)  the   stockholders   of  The  Hartford   shall   approve  (1)  any
         consolidation  or merger in which The Hartford is not the continuing or
         surviving  corporation  or  pursuant  to which  shares  of stock of The
         Hartford  entitled to vote in the election of directors of the Hartford
         would be converted into cash, securities or other property,  other than
         a  consolidation  or merger of The  Hartford  in which  holders of such
         stock of The Hartford  immediately prior to the consolidation or merger
         have  the  same  proportionate  ownership  of  stock  of the  surviving
         corporation  entitled to vote in the election of directors  immediately
         after the  consolidation  or merger as immediately  before,  or (2) any
         sale, lease, exchange or other transfer (in one transaction or a series
         of related  transactions) of all or substantially all the assets of The
         Hartford; or

         (D) within any 12 month period,  the persons who were  directors of The
         Hartford   immediately   before  the  beginning  of  such  period  (the
         "Incumbent  Directors  of The  Hartford")  shall  cease (for any reason
         other than  death) to  constitute  at least a majority  of the board of
         directors of The Hartford or the board of directors of any successor to
         The Hartford,  provided that any director of The Hartford who was not a
         director of The  Hartford  at the  beginning  of such  period  shall be
         deemed to be an Incumbent Director of The Hartford if such director (1)
         was elected to the board of  directors  of The  Hartford  by, or on the
         recommendation  of or with the approval of, at least  two-thirds of the
         directors of The Hartford who then qualified as Incumbent  Directors of
         The Hartford  either actually or by prior operation of this clause (D),
         and  (2)  was not  designated  by a  Person  who  has  entered  into an
         agreement  with The Hartford to effect a  transaction  described in the
         immediately preceding clause (C) hereof.


<PAGE>

"COMMITTEE"  means the  Compensation  and  Personnel  Committee  of the Board of
 ---------
Directors,  or such other Committee as the Board may designate to administer the
Plan pursuant to Article VII.

"ELIGIBLE  COMPENSATION" means the amount of compensation of a Key Employee,  if
 ----------------------
any, designated by the Committee in its sole discretion as eligible for deferral
under the Plan, which may include (A) the cash amount,  if any, which may become
payable to a Key Employee pursuant to a Participating  Company's executive bonus
program, (B) the cash amount, if any, which may become payable to a Key Employee
pursuant to a Participating  Company's life sales incentive payment program, (C)
the cash amount, if any, which may become payable as a sign-on bonus to a person
expected to become a Key  Employee,  (D) the cash amount,  if any,  which may be
contributed to the Plan by a  Participating  Company on behalf of a Key Employee
in lieu of Excess  Contributions  under the  Excess  Savings  Plan,  and (E) the
amount of any such  other  compensation  of a Key  Employee  of a  Participating
Company as the Committee may deem  appropriate  for deferral in accordance  with
the Plan.

"ERISA" means the Employee  Retirement  Income  Security Act of 1974, as amended
 -----
from time to time.

"EXCESS   CONTRIBUTIONS"   shall  mean,   collectively,   Excess  Floor  Company
 ----------------------
Contributions and Excess Matching Company Contributions.

"EXCESS  FLOOR  COMPANY  CONTRIBUTION"  shall have the  meaning  assigned by the
 ------------------------------------
Excess Savings Plan.

"EXCESS  MATCHING COMPANY  CONTRIBUTION"  shall have the meaning assigned by the
 --------------------------------------
Excess Savings Plan.

"EXCESS  SAVINGS  PLAN" means The  Hartford  Excess  Savings  Plan IA, as may be
 ---------------------
amended from time to time, and any successor Plan thereto.

"INCENTIVE  STOCK PLAN" means The Hartford 1995 Incentive  Stock Plan, as may be
 ---------------------
amended from time to time, and any successor Plan thereto.

"INVESTMENT AND SAVINGS PLAN" means The Hartford Investment and Savings Plan, as
 ---------------------------
may be amended from time to time, and any successor Plan thereto.

"KEY EMPLOYEE" shall have the meaning assigned by the Incentive Stock Plan.
 ------------

"PARTICIPANT"  means a Key Employee who properly  elects to  participate  in the
 -----------
Plan pursuant to Article III.

"PARTICIPATING  COMPANY" shall have the meaning  assigned by the Incentive Stock
 ----------------------
Plan.

<PAGE>

"PERSON" has the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3(a)(9) of the Act, as
 ------
supplemented  by Section  13(d)(3) of the Act;  provided,  however,  that Person
shall not include (A) The Hartford, any subsidiary of The Hartford or any Person
controlled  by  The  Hartford,  (B)  any  trustee  or  other  fiduciary  holding
securities  under any employee benefit plan of The Hartford or of any subsidiary
of The Hartford,  or (C) a corporation  owned,  directly or  indirectly,  by the
stockholders  of The Hartford in  substantially  the same  proportions  as their
respective ownership of securities of The Hartford.

"PHANTOM  FUND"  means a mutual fund or other  investment  vehicle or measure or
 -------------
index of  investment  performance  selected by the  Committee to  determine  the
hypothetical  investment  experience of Participant Accounts pursuant to Article
IV.

"PLAN"  means this plan- The  Hartford  Deferred  Compensation  Plan,  as may be
 ----
amended from time to time.

"PLAN ADMINISTRATOR" shall have the meaning assigned by Article VII of the Plan.
 ------------------

"THE HARTFORD" means The Hartford Financial Services Group, Inc., or a successor
 ------------
by merger, purchase or otherwise.

"VALUATION  DATE" means the close of business of the last  business  day of each
month in an applicable calendar year, or such other date as may be designated by
the Plan Administrator.


                                   ARTICLE III
                                  PARTICIPATION

3.1  ELECTION TO  PARTICIPATE.  A Key  Employee of a  Participating  Company may
     ------------------------
participate  in the Plan by filing a properly  completed  election form (or such
other authorization as the Plan Administrator may require) with the party and by
the date designated by the Plan Administrator. The election of a Key Employee in
accordance  with this Article III shall apply only to the Eligible  Compensation
as to which the  election  is made,  and shall  have the  effect,  to the extent
provided herein, of deferring the payment of such Eligible  Compensation  beyond
the date that it might  otherwise have become payable to the  Participant.  Such
election shall be  irrevocable.  If a Key Employee  elects to defer a particular
amount of Eligible  Compensation under the Plan, and then terminates  employment
with all  Participating  Companies  before the date such amount  would have been
payable to the Key  Employee in the absence of the  election,  then the election
shall be deemed null and void and without effect.

3.2 FORM OF ELECTION.  The election form filed by a Participant pursuant to this
    ----------------
Article  III  shall  (A)  identify  a  portion  of  the  Participant's  Eligible
Compensation that may become payable with respect to the Participant's services,
(B) contain the  Participant's  election to defer the payment of such portion of
such  Eligible  Compensation  that  is  determinable  for  tax  purposes  in the
following

<PAGE>

calendar  year in  accordance  with the  terms of the  Plan,  and (C)
contain such other information as the Plan Administrator may require.

3.3 MAXIMUM AND MINIMUM AMOUNTS REQUIRED FOR PARTICIPATION. The Committee or the
    ------------------------------------------------------
Plan  Administrator  may  designate  a maximum  and a minimum  portion  of a Key
Employee's  Eligible  Compensation,  in terms of a  percentage  or other  amount
thereof, as to which an election may be made hereunder.

3.4 NULLIFICATION OF ELECTION.  Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary,
    -------------------------
any election made by a Key Employee  hereunder  shall be deemed null and void to
the extent that (A) the Eligible  Compensation as to which the election  applies
is designated by the Committee,  in its sole discretion,  as not payable to such
Key Employee,  (B) such election applies to Eligible Compensation payable during
the 12 month  period  during  which the Key Employee  ceases  savings  under the
Investment and Savings Plan as a result of receiving a hardship withdrawal under
that Plan, or (C) the Committee so determines in its sole discretion.

3.5  ESTABLISHMENT OF PARTICIPANT  ACCOUNTS.  Up to five Accounts (as elected by
     --------------------------------------
the Participant)  shall be maintained on behalf of each Participant on the books
of The Hartford.  Amounts  shall be credited to or debited from a  Participant's
Account  as  provided  in  Article V. The Plan  Administrator  shall  cause each
Participant's  Account to be valued on the applicable  Valuation Date, and shall
cause records  indicating such value to be maintained.  When an event requires a
determination  of the value of a  Participant's  Account,  such  value  shall be
determined as of the Valuation Date coincident with or immediately preceding the
date of such  event,  unless  otherwise  required  by the  Plan.  The value of a
Participant's  Account shall be reported to the Participant from time to time as
determined appropriate by the Plan Administrator.

3.6  OBTAINING  OF LIFE  INSURANCE  POLICIES.  As a condition  of  participation
     ---------------------------------------
hereunder,  the Committee may require that a Participant  provide  assistance in
obtaining a life insurance policy on the life of such  Participant,  such policy
to be solely owned by, and solely payable to, The Hartford (or such other entity
as may be designated by the Committee).  Such Participant may be required to (A)
complete an application for life insurance, (B) furnish underwriting information
(including but not limited to submitting to medical examinations by an insurance
company  approved  examiner),  (C)  authorize  the release of the  Participant's
medical history to an insurance company underwriter,  and (D) provide such other
information and take such other actions  relating to such life insurance  policy
as may be required by the Plan  Administrator.  A Participant  as to whom a life
insurance  policy is  obtained  hereunder  shall have no right to or interest in
such policy or the proceeds thereof.

3.7 TERMINATION OF PARTICIPATION. The participation of a Participant in the Plan
    ----------------------------
shall terminate on the earlier of (A) the date that all amounts  credited to the
Participant's  Account have been distributed  pursuant to the Plan, (B) the date
of  termination  of the Plan, or (C) such other date as may be designated by the
Committee.


<PAGE>
                                   ARTICLE IV
                       PHANTOM FUND INVESTMENT ALLOCATIONS

4.1 SELECTION OF PHANTOM FUNDS.  The Committee  shall select one or more Phantom
    --------------------------
Funds to which a Participant may elect pursuant to the Plan to allocate all or a
portion of the amount then and thereafter credited to the Participant's Account.
To the extent provided  herein,  such Phantom Funds shall be used to measure the
hypothetical  investment  experience of the portion of a  Participant's  Account
that the Participant  properly elects to have allocated  thereto.  The Committee
may  change  the  selection  of  Phantom  Funds  from  time to time in its  sole
discretion.  The  selection  of any such  Phantom  Funds  shall not  require the
Company to invest or earmark any of its assets in any specific manner.

4.2  INVESTMENT  ALLOCATION  ELECTION.  To the  extent  permitted  by  the  Plan
     --------------------------------
Administrator,  a Participant  may elect to have the amount then and  thereafter
credited to his or her Account allocated among one or more of the Phantom Funds.
Such  election  shall be made by filing a properly  completed  election form (or
such other  authorization as the Plan  Administrator may require) with the party
and by the date  designated  by the Plan  Administrator.  With respect to Excess
Contributions,  a  Participant  shall be  deemed  to have  elected  to have such
amounts  allocated to the same Phantom  Funds that the  Participant  elected for
amounts  distributable  following  the  date  his or  her  employment  with  all
Participating  Companies  terminates.  If the Participant has no such allocation
election in place,  then the Participant shall be deemed to have elected to have
all  Excess   Contributions   allocated  to  the  Phantom  Fund  that  the  Plan
Administrator  determines generally to have the least risk of loss of principal.
Any  election  or  deemed  election  under  this  Section  shall  result  in the
investment  experience  of an elected  Phantom  Fund  being used to measure  the
hypothetical   investment   experience   of  the   particular   portion  of  the
Participant's Account allocated to that Phantom Fund as provided herein.

4.3  CHANGES  IN  INVESTMENT  ALLOCATION.  To the extent  permitted  by the Plan
     -----------------------------------
Administrator,  a Participant  may change the investment  allocation  previously
elected by filing a properly completed change form (or such other  authorization
as the Plan Administrator may require) with the party and by the date designated
by the Plan Administrator. Such change shall be effective as soon as practicable
after the  Valuation  Date  coincident  with or next  succeeding  receipt of the
timely filed change form by the  designated  party (or such other date as may be
designated by the Plan  Administrator),  and shall apply to all amounts then and
thereafter credited to the Participant's Account. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
any  request  for a change  in  investment  allocation  with  respect  to Excess
Contributions  shall be subject to the same  waiting  periods and other  similar
rules as would  have  applied  to such  Excess  Contributions  under the  Excess
Savings Plan.

4.4 FAILURE TO MAKE PROPER  ELECTION.  In the event that a Participant  does not
    --------------------------------
make a proper election  pursuant to this Article IV, such  Participant  shall be
deemed to have elected to have the entire amount (as to which no proper election
is made) then and thereafter credited to the Participant's  Account allocated to
the Phantom Fund that the Plan  Administrator  determines  generally to have the
least risk of loss of principal.

<PAGE>

4.5  LIMITATIONS  ON  INVESTMENT  ALLOCATION.  The  Plan  Administrator  may (A)
     ---------------------------------------
establish a minimum  and/or a maximum  portion of a  Participant's  Account,  in
terms of a percentage or other amount  thereof,  that a Participant may elect to
allocate to a particular  Phantom Fund  hereunder,  (B) preclude any Participant
who is an executive officer of the Company from allocating any portion of his or
her Account to a Phantom Fund with an investment experience determined primarily
in relation to the investment  performance of securities  issued by the Company,
and (C) establish such other  limitations on investment  allocations as the Plan
Administrator may deem appropriate.

4.6 NO ACTUAL INVESTMENT.  Notwithstanding  anything herein to the contrary,  no
    --------------------
amount of Eligible  Compensation as to which an election is made hereunder,  and
no amount credited to a Participant's Account pursuant to the Plan, shall be set
aside or  invested in any actual  fund on behalf of the  Participant,  provided,
however,  that  nothing in the Plan shall be  construed  to preclude the Company
from directly or indirectly making investments for its own account in any actual
investment vehicle corresponding to the Phantom Funds (or otherwise) in order to
assist the Company in meeting its obligations hereunder, or for any other reason
whatsoever. No Participant or any other person or entity shall have by reason of
the Plan any right to or in any such investment made by the Company.

                                    ARTICLE V
                 CREDITING AND DEBITING OF PARTICIPANT ACCOUNTS

5.1 CREDITING OF ELIGIBLE  COMPENSATION.  Eligible  Compensation as to which the
    -----------------------------------
Participant  makes an election in accordance  with the Plan shall be credited to
the Participant's Account as of the Valuation Date coincident or next succeeding
the date  such  Eligible  Compensation  would  otherwise  have  been paid to, or
contributed to the Excess Savings Plan on behalf of, the Participant.

5.2 CREDITING AND/OR DEBITING OF PHANTOM FUND INVESTMENT  EXPERIENCE.  As of any
    ----------------------------------------------------------------
particular  Valuation  Date upon which an amount is credited to a  Participant's
Account,  such Account shall be credited or debited, as the case may be, with an
amount  equal  to the  hypothetical  net  investment  gain  or  loss  that  such
Participant  would have  realized if the portion of his or her Account  properly
elected to be allocated to a particular Phantom Fund pursuant to Article IV were
actually  invested in such  Phantom  Fund during the period  beginning  with the
preceding Valuation Date and ending upon such particular Valuation Date (or such
other period as may be designated by the Plan Administrator).

5.3  DEBITING  OF   DISTRIBUTIONS.   The  amount  of  any  distribution  from  a
     ----------------------------
Participant's   Account   pursuant  to  the  Plan  shall  be  debited  from  the
Participant's  Account as of the Valuation Date  coincident  with or immediately
preceding the date of such distribution.

<PAGE>

5.4 DEBITING OF ADMINISTRATIVE  EXPENSES. The Participant's  allocable share (as
    ------------------------------------
determined by the Plan Administrator) of any administrative  expenses related to
the operation of the Plan shall be debited from the Participant's  Account as of
each monthly Valuation Date.

5.5 VESTING OF CREDITED  AMOUNTS.  The rights of a Participant  in regard to the
    ----------------------------
amounts credited to the Participant's Account hereunder shall be fully vested at
all times.


                                   ARTICLE VI
                     DISTRIBUTIONS FROM PARTICIPANT ACCOUNTS

6.1  DISTRIBUTION  ELECTION.  A  Participant  may  elect,  by filing a  properly
     ----------------------
completed  election form (or such other  authorization as the Plan Administrator
may  require)   with  the  party  and  by  the  date   designated  by  the  Plan
Administrator,  to  have  all  or a  portion  of  the  amount  credited  to  the
Participant's  Account  distributed  to him or  her  on a date  and in a  manner
permitted by the Plan  Administrator.  With respect to Excess  Contributions,  a
Participant shall be deemed to have elected to have such amounts  distributed at
the same time that the Participant elected with respect to amounts distributable
following  the  date his or her  employment  with  all  Participating  Companies
terminates.  If a Participant has no such  distribution  election in place, then
the  Participant  shall be deemed to have  elected to have Excess  Contributions
distributed as soon as practicable  after the Valuation Date  coincident or next
succeeding  the date his or her  employment  with  all  Participating  Companies
terminates.  Distributions  from  a  Participant's  Account  shall  be  made  in
accordance with the date and manner of distribution elected or deemed elected by
the  Participant  hereunder,  except to the extent that a different  date and/or
manner  of  distribution  is  required  pursuant  to the  Plan  or by  the  Plan
Administrator.   Distributions   made  in   accordance   with  a   Participant's
distribution  election shall be made as soon as practicable  after the Valuation
Date coincident with or next succeeding the date of distribution  elected by the
Participant.  A Participant who does not file a properly completed election form
in  accordance  with this  Section  shall be deemed to have elected to have such
amount  distributed to the Participant in a single lump sum cash payment as soon
as practicable  after the Valuation Date  coincident with or next succeeding the
date the Participant's  employment with all Participating  Companies terminates.
The election or deemed  election by a  Participant  of a  distribution  date and
manner  pursuant to this Section shall apply to all amounts then and  thereafter
credited to a  Participant's  Account under the Plan,  and shall be  irrevocable
except to the extent otherwise provided herein or permitted in the discretion of
the Committee or the Plan Administrator to the extent determined consistent with
applicable tax laws.

6.2 DISTRIBUTION IN THE EVENT OF HARDSHIP.  A Participant may request a hardship
    -------------------------------------
distribution  from his or her  Account by filing a properly  completed  hardship
distribution  form (or such other  authorization as the Plan  Administrator  may
require) by the date and with the party  designated  by the Plan  Administrator.
The Plan  Administrator  may, if it determines  that a severe and  unforeseeable
financial hardship on the part of the Participant exists,  permit a distribution
to the Participant of an

<PAGE>

amount  credited to the  Participant's  Account that is reasonably  necessary to
meet such hardship,  including any amount reasonably necessary to pay any income
or other taxes resulting from such distribution.

6.3 DISTRIBUTION  UPON TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT.  As soon as practicable  after
    --------------------------------------------
the  Valuation  Date  coincident  with or next  succeeding  the  date  that  the
employment  of a  Participant  with all  Participating  Companies,  other than a
Participant who has reached age 55, terminates for any reason, the Company shall
distribute to the  Participant a single lump sum cash payment equal to the total
amount  credited  to  the  Participant's   Account  as  of  the  Valuation  Date
immediately  preceding such  distribution.  In the case of a Participant who has
reached age 55 or older at the time  employment  terminates,  the Company  shall
distribute the amounts credited to such Participant's Account in accordance with
the distribution elections in place at such time. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
if such a  Participant  has an election  in place to receive  payment of amounts
from any account during the time he or she is employed, all amounts remaining in
such account shall be distributed to such  Participant in a single lump sum cash
payment as soon as practicable  after the Valuation Date coincident with or next
succeeding the date his or her employment terminates.  Further,  notwithstanding
the foregoing,  the Plan  Administrator  may establish a minimum Account balance
required as a condition to honor an election to have any amount  distributed  in
the form of  installment  payments.  If such  minimum  balance  is not met,  the
particular  Account shall be distributed to the Participant in a single lump sum
cash payment as soon as practicable  after the Valuation Date coincident with or
next  succeeding  the date the  first  installment  otherwise  would  have  been
payable.

6.4  DISTRIBUTION  IN THE EVENT OF A TERMINATION  OF THE PLAN. In the event of a
     --------------------------------------------------------
termination of the Plan, the entire amount credited to a  Participant's  Account
as of the Valuation Date  coincident with or next succeeding such event shall be
distributed  to the  Participant  in a single  lump sum cash  payment as soon as
practicable after such Valuation Date.

6.5  DISTRIBUTION TO FIDUCIARY.  If the Plan  Administrator  determines that any
     -------------------------
person to whom any amount is otherwise distributable hereunder is unable to care
for his or her affairs,  such amount  (unless a prior claim  therefor shall have
been made by a duly appointed guardian, committee or other legal representative)
may be distributed to any person  determined by the Plan  Administrator  to have
fiduciary  responsibility  for such person otherwise entitled to such amount, in
such manner and proportions as the Plan Administrator may deem appropriate.  Any
such distribution shall constitute a complete discharge of any obligation of the
Company to such person under the Plan.

6.6 DISTRIBUTION IN THE EVENT OF DEATH.  Notwithstanding  anything herein to the
    ----------------------------------
contrary,  in the event of a Participant's  death, the entire amount credited to
the  Participant's  Account as of the  Valuation  Date  coincident  with or next
succeeding the date of the Participant's  death shall be distributed in a single
lump sum cash payment as soon as practicable after such Valuation Date to one or
more  beneficiaries,  if any, properly designated by the Participant by the date
and in the manner required by the Plan Administrator. If (A) no such designation
is in  effect  at  the  time  of the  Participant's  death,  (B)  no  designated
beneficiary survives the Participant, or (C) any beneficiary designation made by
the Participant  conflicts with applicable law, such amount shall be paid to the
Participant's estate as soon as practicable after such Valuation Date.

<PAGE>


6.7  DISTRIBUTION UPON THE OCCURRENCE OF A CHANGE OF CONTROL.
     -------------------------------------------------------

         (A)  DISTRIBUTION  OF  ACCOUNTS.  Upon the  occurrence  of a Change  of
              --------------------------
         Control,  all Participants  shall be paid single lump sum cash payments
         equal to the entire amount credited to their respective  Accounts as of
         the  date of such  occurrence,  such  payments  to be made  immediately
         following the date of such Change of Control.

         (B) EXCEPTION FOR PRIOR ELECTION.  Notwithstanding Section 6.7(A), if a
             ----------------------------
         Participant who is an employed by a Participating  Company  immediately
         prior to a Change of Control  has made a prior  valid  election  to not
         receive a lump sum distribution of his or her Account (and therefore to
         continue participating in the Plan) upon a Change of Control, then such
         Participant's  Account  shall not be so  distributed  and shall (to the
         extent  permitted by the Plan)  continue be maintained  under the Plan,
         and  any  such  Participant's  Account  shall  be  distributed  to such
         Participant at the time and in the form otherwise required by the Plan.

         (C) DEATH  PRIOR TO  RECEIPT OF  PAYMENT.  In the event of the death of
             ------------------------------------
         such a  Participant  before  receiving  a payment  required  by Section
         6.7(A)  hereof,  such payment shall be made  immediately  following the
         date of the  occurrence  of the Change of Control to the  individual or
         entity who would receive have received payment hereunder in the absence
         of a Change of Control.

6.8 DISTRIBUTION IN OTHER CIRCUMSTANCES. The Committee may determine in its sole
    -----------------------------------
discretion that a distribution of an amount credited to a Participant's  Account
is  appropriate  under  the  circumstances.  As soon as  practicable  after  the
Valuation  Date  coincident  with  or  next  succeeding  the  date  of any  such
determination,  the Company shall distribute such amount to the Participant in a
single lump sum cash payment (or in such other  manner of payment as  determined
appropriate by the Committee).


                                   ARTICLE VII
                                 ADMINISTRATION

7.1 ADMINISTRATION BY COMMITTEE.  Except as otherwise delegated by the Committee
    ---------------------------
pursuant to the Plan, (A) the Plan shall be administered  by the Committee,  (B)
the Committee shall have full authority to administer and interpret this Plan in
any  manner  it  deems   appropriate  in  its  sole  discretion,   and  (C)  the
determinations  of the  Committee  shall be binding on and  conclusive as to all
parties.

7.2 DELEGATION OF CERTAIN AUTHORITY TO PLAN  ADMINISTRATOR.  Except as otherwise
    ------------------------------------------------------
provided by the Committee in accordance  with the Plan,  the Plan  Administrator
shall be The Hartford's  Group Senior Vice President,  Human Resources (or other
person  holding  a  similar  position).  Except as  otherwise  provided  herein,
required  by  applicable  law,  or  determined  by the  Committee,  (A) the Plan
Administrator  shall be responsible for the  performance of such  administrative
duties under this Plan

<PAGE>

that are not  otherwise  reserved  to the  Committee  by the Plan,  (B) the Plan
Administrator shall have full authority to administer and interpret this Plan in
any  manner  it  deems   appropriate  in  its  sole  discretion,   and  (C)  the
determinations of the Plan  Administrator  shall be binding and conclusive as to
all parties.

7.3  LIABILITY  AND  INDEMNIFICATION  OF COMMITTEE  AND PLAN  ADMINISTRATOR.  In
     ----------------------------------------------------------------------
connection  with any action or  determination  made in connection with the Plan,
the  Plan  Administrator  and the  Committee  shall  be  entitled  to rely  upon
information furnished by or on behalf of the Company or any Participant.  To the
extent permitted by law, the Plan Administrator and the members of the Committee
shall not be liable for, and The Hartford shall indemnify the Plan Administrator
and the members of the Committee  against any liability  for, any loss sustained
by  reason  of any act or  failure  to act in their  administrative  capacities,
provided such act or failure to act does not involve  willful  misconduct.  Such
indemnification  shall  include  attorneys'  fees and other  costs and  expenses
reasonably   incurred  in  defense  of  any  action  brought  against  the  Plan
Administrator  or any  member  of the  Committee  by  reason  of any such act or
failure to act. The Plan Administrator and any member of the Committee shall not
be liable  or  responsible  for any act or  omission  of  another  fiduciary  in
relation  to  the  Plan  unless  the  Plan  Administrator  or  such  member  (A)
participates  knowingly  in, or  knowingly  undertakes  to conceal,  such act or
omission by such other fiduciary,  or (B) has knowledge of a breach of fiduciary
responsibility  by such other fiduciary and does not make reasonable  efforts to
remedy such breach.


                                  ARTICLE VIII
                                  MISCELLANEOUS

8.1 UNFUNDED AND  UNSECURED  PLAN.  The Plan shall be unfunded and unsecured for
    -----------------------------
tax purposes and for purposes of ERISA. The Hartford shall have no obligation to
fund its liabilities,  if any, under the Plan. Nothing in the Plan and no action
taken by The  Hartford or its agents  hereunder  shall be  construed to create a
trust of any kind,  or a fiduciary  relationship  between The  Hartford  and any
other  person or  entity.  All  funds or other  assets  received  or held by The
Hartford  pursuant to or in connection with the Plan may be used by The Hartford
for any corporate purpose,  and The Hartford shall not be obligated to segregate
such  amounts from its general  assets.  No  Participant  or any other person or
entity shall have any claim  against The Hartford or its assets other than as an
unsecured and unsubordinated general creditor of The Hartford.  Without limiting
the generality of the foregoing,  a  Participant's  claim hereunder shall at any
time be solely  for the  amount  then  credited  to the  Participant's  Account.
Notwithstanding  the  foregoing,  The Hartford may  establish a grantor trust or
purchase  securities or take any other action deemed  appropriate  to assist The
Hartford in meeting its obligations under the Plan, provided,  however,  that in
no event  shall any person or entity have any right to or interest in such trust
or property by reason of the Plan.

8.2 ABSENCE OF  REPRESENTATIONS.  The Plan shall not be construed to provide any
    ---------------------------
representation  or guarantee by The Hartford that any particular income or other
tax consequence will result from a Participant's participation in the Plan. Each
Participant  shall be deemed to have consulted with his

<PAGE>

or  her   professional   tax  advisor  to  determine  the  tax  consequences  of
participation  hereunder.  The  Plan  shall  not be  construed  to  provide  any
representation  or  guarantee by The Hartford  that any  particular  amount of a
Participant's  Account  allocated  to any of the Phantom  Funds  hereunder  will
result in any particular investment experience related thereto, and The Hartford
shall in no event be  required  to pay any  amount  to any  person  or entity on
account of any loss suffered by reason of the operation of the Plan.

8.3 TAX WITHHOLDING.  The Plan Administrator or the Group Senior Vice President,
    ---------------
Human  Resources  (or other person  holding a similar  position)  shall have the
right to make such  provisions as deemed  appropriate in its sole  discretion to
satisfy any obligation of a Participating Company to withhold federal,  state or
local income or other taxes  incurred by reason of the  operation of the Plan or
an Award under the Plan,  including but not limited to at any time (i) requiring
a Key  Employee  to submit  payment to a  Participating  Company  for such taxes
before making settlement of any amount due under the Plan, (ii) withholding such
taxes  from  wages  or  other  amounts  due to the Key  Employee  before  making
settlement  of any amount due under the Plan,  (iii)  making  settlement  of any
amount  due under the Plan part in shares of common  stock of The  Hartford  and
part in cash to facilitate satisfaction of such withholding obligations, or (iv)
receiving  shares  of  common  stock of The  Hartford  already  owned by the Key
Employee or  withholding  such shares  otherwise  due to the Key  Employee in an
amount determined necessary to satisfy such withholding obligations.

8.4 NO EMPLOYMENT RIGHTS. The Plan shall not, directly or indirectly,  create in
    --------------------
any Participant any right with respect to continuation of employment with any of
the  Participating  Companies or to the receipt of any Eligible  Compensation or
other  compensation.  The Plan shall not interfere in any way with the rights of
the applicable  Participating  Company to terminate,  or otherwise  modify,  the
employment of any Participant or its compensation policies at any time.

8.5 RIGHTS NOT  TRANSFERABLE.  The rights of a Participant  under the Plan shall
    ------------------------
not be sold, exchanged, transferred, pledged, hypothecated or otherwise disposed
of, other than (A) by will, (B) by the laws of descent or  distribution,  or (C)
pursuant  to a qualified  domestic  relations  order as defined in the  Internal
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended,  provided that the rights of any transferee of
a Participant shall not be greater than the rights of the Participant hereunder.
The foregoing  restriction  shall be in addition to any restrictions  imposed by
applicable  law on a  Participant's  ability to dispose of any rights  under the
Plan.

8.6  EFFECT  OF PLAN.  The  provisions  of the Plan  shall be  binding  upon all
     ---------------
successors  and  assigns of a  Participant,  including  without  limitation  the
Participant's  estate and the  executors,  administrators  or trustees  thereof,
heirs and legatees, and any receiver, trustee in bankruptcy or representative of
creditors of the Participant.

8.7 ADMINISTRATIVE  EXPENSES.  An annual charge to each Participant's Account of
    ------------------------
up to 0.25% of the total amount  credited to such  Account  shall be charged and
applied  to  satisfy  expenses   reasonably  incurred  in  connection  with  the
administration  of the Plan (as  determined  in the sole  discretion of the Plan
Administrator).

<PAGE>

8.8  AMENDMENT  AND  TERMINATION  OF THE  PLAN.  The Board of  Directors  or the
     -----------------------------------------
Committee  (acting on behalf of the Board of  Directors)  may amend or terminate
the Plan or any Participant  elections  hereunder at any time. The Committee may
at any time amend or terminate the Plan or any Participant  elections  hereunder
if the  Committee  determines  in its sole  discretion  that The  Hartford  will
recognize   income  for  income  tax  purposes  with  respect  to  any  reserves
accumulated  under  any life  insurance  policy  obtained  with  respect  to any
Participant  hereunder.  The Committee or the Plan  Administrator  may amend the
Plan to the extent (A) required by applicable law or regulation, or (B) required
to maintain a favorable tax status for the Plan.

8.9 GOVERNING LAW. The laws of the State of Connecticut shall govern all matters
    -------------
relating to the Plan,  except to the extent such laws are superseded by the laws
of the United States.

8.10  SEVERABILITY  OF  PROVISIONS.  If any  provision of the Plan shall be held
      ----------------------------
invalid or unenforceable,  such invalidity or unenforceability  shall not affect
any other provisions  hereof, and the Plan shall be construed and enforced as if
such invalid or unenforceable provisions had not been included herein.

8.11 EFFECTIVE DATE. The Effective Date of this restatement of the Plan shall be
     --------------
July 16, 1998, or such later date as the Plan Administrator may determine.

<PAGE>

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
