<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>exh10_13.txt
<DESCRIPTION>THE HARTFORD FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP
<TEXT>
                   THE HARTFORD FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP, INC.

            200,000 SHARES OF COMMON STOCK, PAR VALUE $.01 PER SHARE

                              _____________________

                       THE HARTFORD RESTRICTED STOCK PLAN
                           FOR NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTORS


                              _____________________


             THIS DOCUMENT CONSTITUTES PART OF A PROSPECTUS COVERING
                   SECURITIES THAT HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER
                           THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933.


         THE PROSPECTUS COVERS SUCH ADDITIONAL  SECURITIES AS MAY BE ISSUABLE AS
A RESULT OF ANTI-DILUTION  PROVISIONS  CONTAINED IN THE INSTRUMENTS  PURSUANT TO
WHICH SECURITIES COVERED BY THE PROSPECTUS ARE ISSUED.


                              ____________________


             THESE SECURITIES HAVE NOT BEEN APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED
             BY THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR ANY STATE
                SECURITIES COMMISSION NOR HAS THE SECURITIES AND
                   EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR ANY STATE SECURITIES
               COMMISSION PASSED UPON THE ACCURACY OR ADEQUACY OF
              THE PROSPECTUS. ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS
                               A CRIMINAL OFFENSE.


FEBRUARY, 2003


<PAGE>

                                TABLE OF CONTENTS


                                                                            Page

General Information............................................................2

The Hartford Restricted Stock Plan for
         Non-Employee Directors................................................3

Federal Tax Treatment.........................................................10

Administration of the Plan....................................................10

Resale Restrictions...........................................................11

Available Information.........................................................11




                               GENERAL INFORMATION


         The Hartford Financial Services Group, Inc. (the "Company") is offering
up to 200,000 shares of its Common Stock,  par value $.01 per share (the "Common
Stock"),  pursuant to the The Hartford  Restricted  Stock Plan For  Non-Employee
Directors  (the  "Plan").  Directors of the Company who are not employees of the
Company or any of its  subsidiaries  are eligible to participate in the Plan. As
more fully set forth in the Plan, a non-employee  director's  "annual  retainer"
(as defined in the Plan) will be paid in the form of annual  automatic grants of
shares of restricted Common Stock. The Plan is set forth below.



                                     - 2 -
<PAGE>

                       THE HARTFORD RESTRICTED STOCK PLAN
                           FOR NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTORS





                ARTICLE I -- PLAN ADMINISTRATION AND ELIGIBILITY


1.1  PURPOSE

    The purpose of The Hartford Financial Services Group, Inc.  Restricted Stock
Plan for Non-Employee Directors (the "Plan") is to attract and retain persons of
ability as  directors  of The  Hartford  Financial  Services  Group,  Inc.  (the
"Company") and to provide them with a closer  identity with the interests of the
Company's  stockholders  by paying the Annual  Retainer  in common  stock of the
Company  subject to certain  restrictions as described  herein (the  "Restricted
Stock").

1.2  ADMINISTRATION

    The Plan shall be administered by the Compensation  and Personnel  Committee
of the Board of  Directors  (hereinafter  referred to as the  "Committee").  The
Committee  shall  have  the   responsibility   of  interpreting   the  Plan  and
establishing  and amending such rules and  regulations  necessary or appropriate
for the  administration  of the  Plan.  All  interpretations  of the Plan or any
Restricted  Stock  awards  issued  under it shall be final and binding  upon all
persons  having an interest  in the Plan.  No member of the  Committee  shall be
liable for any action or determination  taken or made in good faith with respect
to this Plan or any award granted hereunder.

1.3  ELIGIBILITY

    Directors of the Company who are not  employees of the Company or any of its
subsidiaries shall be eligible to participate in the Plan.

1.4  STOCK SUBJECT TO THE PLAN

    (a) The maximum  number of shares which may be granted  under the Plan shall
be 200,000 shares of common stock, par value $.01 per share, of the Company (the
"Stock").

                                     - 3 -
<PAGE>

    (b) If any  Restricted  Stock is forfeited by a Director in accordance  with
the  provisions  of Section  2.2(c),  such shares of  Restricted  Stock shall be
restored to the total number of shares available for grant pursuant to the Plan.

    (c) Upon the grant of a  Restricted  Stock award the Company may  distribute
newly issued shares or treasury shares, reacquired stock, stock purchased in the
open market, or any combination of the foregoing.


                         ARTICLE II -- RESTRICTED STOCK


2.1  RESTRICTED STOCK AWARDS

    Restricted  Stock  awards  shall  be made  automatically  on the date of the
Annual  Meeting of  Stockholders,  to each  Director  elected at the  meeting or
continuing in office following the meeting.  The award shall equal the number of
whole shares  arrived at by dividing the Annual  Retainer  that is in effect for
the 12 month period  beginning with the date of the Annual Meeting (the "Service
Year") by the Fair Market Value of the Company's common stock. Fractional shares
shall be paid in cash.

    (a)  "Annual  Retainer"  shall mean the amount that is payable to a Director
for service on the Board of Directors  during the Service Year.  Annual Retainer
shall not include fees paid for attendance at any Board or Committee meeting.

    (b) "Fair  Market  Value"  shall mean the average of the high and low prices
per share of the Company's  common stock on the date of the Annual  Meeting,  as
reported by the New York Stock Exchange Composite Tape.

2.2  TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF RESTRICTED STOCK AWARDS

    (a) Written  Documentation  -- Restricted Stock awards shall be evidenced by
such written  notice,  agreement or other  documentation  as the Committee deems
appropriate.

    (b)  Shares  held in Escrow -- The  Restricted  Stock  subject to such award
shall be  registered  in the name of the  Director  and  held in  escrow  by the
Committee until the restrictions on such shares lapse as described below.

                                     - 4 -
<PAGE>

    (c)  Restrictions -- Restricted Stock granted to a Director may not be sold,
assigned,  transferred,  pledged or otherwise disposed of, except by will or the
laws of descent and distribution, prior to the earliest of the following dates:

    (1) The fifth anniversary of the date of grant.

    (2) Retirement from the Board at age 72.

    (3) A "Change of Control"  of the  Company.  A "Change of Control"  shall be
    deemed to have occurred if:

        (i) a report on  Schedule  13D shall be filed  with the  Securities  and
    Exchange Commission pursuant to Section 13(d) of the Securities and Exchange
    Act of 1934 (the "Act")  disclosing  that any Person  (within the meaning of
    Section  13(d) of the Act),  other than the Company or a  subsidiary  of the
    Company  or  any  employee  benefit  plan  sponsored  by  the  Company  or a
    subsidiary of the Company is the Beneficial  Owner of twenty percent or more
    of the outstanding  stock of the Company entitled to vote in the election of
    directors of the Company;

        (ii) any Person (within the meaning of Section 13(d) of the Act),  other
    than the Company or a subsidiary of the Company or any employee benefit plan
    sponsored  by the  Company or a  subsidiary  of the Company  shall  purchase
    shares  pursuant to a tender offer or exchange offer to acquire any Stock of
    the Company (or securities  convertible into stock) for cash,  securities or
    any other consideration,  provided that after consummation of the offer, the
    Person in question is the Beneficial  Owner (as defined in Section 2.2(f) of
    this  Plan)  of  fifteen  percent  or more of the  outstanding  stock of the
    Company  entitled  to vote  in the  election  of  directors  of the  Company
    (calculated  as provided in paragraph (d) of Rule 13d-3 under the Act in the
    case of rights to acquire stock);

        (iii)  the   stockholders   of  the  Company   shall   approve  (A)  any
    consolidation  or merger  in which  the  Company  is not the  continuing  or
    surviving  corporation  or pursuant to which  shares of stock of the Company
    entitled  to vote in the  election  of  directors  of the  Company  would be
    converted   into  cash,   securities  or  other   property,   other  than  a
    consolidation or merger of the Company in which holders of such stock of the
    Company  immediately  prior to the  consolidation  or  merger  have the same
    proportionate  ownership of common stock entitled to vote in the election of
    directors of the surviving  corporation  immediately after the consolidation
    or merger as immediately  before, or (B) any sale, lease,  exchange or other
    transfer (in one transaction or a series of related  transactions) of all or
    substantially all the assets of the Company; or

                                     - 5 -
<PAGE>

        (iv) within any 12 month period,  the persons who were  directors of the
    Company  immediately  before the  beginning  of such period (the  "Incumbent
    Directors")  shall cease (for any reason other than death) to  constitute at
    least a majority of the Board or the board of directors of any  successor to
    the  Company,  provided  that any  director  who was not a  director  at the
    beginning of such period shall be deemed to be an Incumbent Director if such
    director  (A) was  elected to the Board by, or on the  recommendation  of or
    with  the  approval  of,  at  least  two-thirds  of the  directors  who then
    qualified as Incumbent  Directors  either  actually or by prior operation of
    this clause  (iv),  and (B) was not  designated  by a Person who has entered
    into an agreement with the Company to effect a transaction  described in the
    immediately preceding clause (iii).

       (4) Death of the Director.

       (5) Disability of the Director, as defined in The Hartford Investment and
    Savings Plan, as amended from time to time.

        (6) Resignation by the Director under cases of special circumstances and
    the  Committee,  in its sole  discretion,  consents  to waive any  remaining
    restrictions.

    (d) Dividends and Voting  Rights -- The Director  shall,  subject to Section
2.2(c),  possess all  incidents of ownership of the shares of  Restricted  Stock
including the right to receive dividends with respect to such shares and to vote
such shares.

    (e) The Company shall deliver to the Director,  or the  beneficiary  of such
Director,  if  applicable,  unrestricted  certificates  for all of the shares of
Stock that were  awarded to the  Director as  Restricted  Stock (a)  immediately
following any lapse of restrictions on such shares pursuant to Section 2.2(c)(3)
hereof,  or (b) within 30 days  following  any lapse of  restrictions  under the
remaining provisions of Section 2.2(c).

    (f)  Special  Definitions  for Change of  Control.  For  purposes of Section
2.2(c)(3), the following special definitions apply:

         (i)  "Beneficial  Owner" means any Person who,  directly or indirectly,
         has the  right  to vote or  dispose  of or has  "beneficial  ownership"
         (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Act) of any securities of a
         company,   including  any  such  right   pursuant  to  any   agreement,
         arrangement  or  understanding  (whether or not in  writing),  provided
                                                                        --------
         that: (i) a Person shall
         ----

                                     - 6 -
<PAGE>


         not be deemed the  Beneficial  Owner of any  security as a result of an
         agreement,  arrangement  or  understanding  to vote such  security  (A)
         arising solely from a revocable proxy or consent given in response to a
         public  proxy  or  consent   solicitation  made  pursuant  to,  and  in
         accordance  with,  the Act and the  applicable  rules  and  regulations
         thereunder, or (B) made in connection with, or to otherwise participate
         in, a proxy or consent  solicitation made, or to be made,  pursuant to,
         and in accordance  with, the  applicable  provisions of the Act and the
         applicable rules and regulations  thereunder,  in either case described
         in clause (A) or (B) above, whether or not such agreement,  arrangement
         or understanding is also then reportable by such Person on Schedule 13D
         under  the Act (or any  comparable  or  successor  report);  and (ii) a
         Person engaged in business as an underwriter of securities shall not be
         deemed to be the Beneficial Owner of any security acquired through such
         Person's participation in good faith in a firm commitment  underwriting
         until the expiration of forty days after the date of such acquisition.

         (ii) "Person" has the meaning  ascribed to such term in Section 3(a)(9)
         of the Act, as supplemented by Section  13(d)(3) of the Act;  provided,
         however,  that Person shall not include (i) the Company, any subsidiary
         of the Company or any other Person controlled by the Company,  (ii) any
         trustee  or other  fiduciary  holding  securities  under  any  employee
         benefit plan of the Company or of any  subsidiary  of the  Company,  or
         (iii) a corporation owned, directly or indirectly,  by the stockholders
         of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their ownership
         of securities of the Company.

    (g) In the  event  of a Change  of  Control,  no  amendment,  suspension  or
termination  of the Plan  thereafter  shall  impair or reduce  the rights of any
person with respect to any award made under the Plan.


                        ARTICLE III -- GENERAL PROVISIONS


3.1  AUTHORITY

    Appropriate  officers  of  the  Company  designated  by  the  Committee  are
authorized to execute Restricted Stock agreements,  and amendments  thereto,  in
the name of the Company, as directed from time to time by the Committee.

                                     - 7 -
<PAGE>

3.2  ADJUSTMENTS IN THE EVENT OF CHANGE IN COMMON STOCK OF THE COMPANY

    In the event of any reorganization, merger, recapitalization, consolidation,
liquidation,  stock  dividend,  stock split,  reclassification,  combination  of
shares,  rights  offering,  split-up,  or  extraordinary  dividend  (including a
spin-off)  or  divestiture,  or any other change in the  corporate  structure or
shares,  the number and kind of shares which thereafter may be granted under the
Plan and the number of shares of Restricted  Stock  awarded  pursuant to Section
2.1  with  respect  to  which  all  restrictions  have  not  lapsed,   shall  be
appropriately  adjusted  consistent with such change in such manner as the Board
in its  discretion  may  deem  equitable  to  prevent  substantial  dilution  or
enlargement of the rights granted to, or available for, Directors  participating
in the Plan. Any fractional  shares  resulting  from such  adjustments  shall be
eliminated.

3.3  RIGHTS OF DIRECTORS

    The Plan  shall not be deemed to create  any  obligation  on the part of the
Board to nominate any Director for reelection by the Company's  stockholders  or
to retain any Director at any particular rate of compensation. The Company shall
not be obligated  to issue Stock  pursuant to an award of  Restricted  Stock for
which the restrictions hereunder have lapsed if such issuance would constitute a
violation of any applicable  law. Except as provided  herein,  no Director shall
have any rights as a stockholder  with respect to any shares of Restricted Stock
awarded to such Director.

3.4  BENEFICIARY

    A  Director  may  file  with  the  Committee  a  written  designation  of  a
beneficiary  on such form as may be  prescribed  by the  Committee and may, from
time to time, amend or revoke such  designation.  In the event of the death of a
Director,  the Director's beneficiary shall have the right to receive the shares
of Restricted Stock awarded  pursuant to the Plan. If no designated  beneficiary
survives the Director,  the executor or administrator  of the Director's  estate
shall be deemed to be the Director's beneficiary.

3.5  LAWS AND REGULATIONS

    The  Committee  shall have the right to condition  any issuance of shares to
any Director hereunder on such Director's  undertaking in writing to comply with
such restrictions on the subsequent  disposition of such shares as the Committee
shall  deem  necessary  or  advisable  as a  result  of  any  applicable  law or
regulation. The Committee may postpone the delivery of stock following the lapse
of restrictions  with respect to awards of Restricted Stock for such time as the
Committee in its discretion may deem  necessary,  in order to permit the Company
with

                                     - 8 -
<PAGE>

reasonable diligence (i) to effect or maintain  registration of the Plan, or the
shares  issuable  upon the lapse of certain  restrictions  respecting  awards of
Restricted Stock, under the Securities Act of 1933 or the securities laws of any
applicable jurisdiction,  or (ii) to determine that such shares and the Plan are
exempt from such  registration;  the Company shall not be obligated by virtue of
any  Restricted  Stock  agreement or any  provision of the Plan to recognize the
lapse of certain  restrictions  respecting  awards of Restricted  Stock or issue
shares  in  violation  of  said  Act or of the  law  of  the  government  having
jurisdiction thereof.

3.6  AMENDMENT, SUSPENSION AND DISCONTINUANCE OF THE PLAN

    The Board may from time to time  amend,  suspend  or  discontinue  the Plan,
provided  that the Board may not,  without  the  approval  of the  holders  of a
majority of the outstanding shares entitled to vote, take any action which would
cause  the Plan to no  longer  comply  with Rule  16b-3  under  the Act,  or any
successor rule or other regulatory requirement.

    No  amendment,  suspension  or  discontinuance  of the Plan  shall  impair a
Director's  right  under a  Restricted  Stock  award  previously  granted to the
Director without the Director's consent.

3.7  GOVERNING LAW

    This Plan and all  determinations  made and actions  taken  pursuant  hereto
shall be governed by the laws of the State of Connecticut.

3.8  EFFECTIVE DATE AND DURATION OF THE PLAN

    This Plan shall be  effective  upon the  Distribution  Date,  subject to the
approval of the Plan by the stockholders of the Company,  and shall terminate on
December 31, 2005 (as defined in the Proxy  Statement of ITT  Corporation  dated
August 30,  1995)  provided  that grants of  Restricted  Stock made prior to the
termination of the Plan may vest following such  termination in accordance  with
their terms.


                                     - 9 -
<PAGE>

                              FEDERAL TAX TREATMENT

                  Set  forth  below  is a  summary  of the  federal  income  tax
consequences under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code") of
the grant and vesting of  restricted  stock awarded to a director of the Company
("Director")  under  the  Plan.  The  following  summary  does not  include  any
discussion of state,  local or foreign income tax  consequences or the effect of
gift,  estate  or  inheritance  taxes,  any of  which  may be  significant  to a
particular Director eligible to receive an award. In addition, this summary does
not apply to every specific  transaction that may occur.  Each Director eligible
to receive an award  should  consult his or her tax  advisor for precise  advice
pertaining to his or her particular circumstances.

                  Under the Code, a Director  normally will not realize  taxable
income and the Company  will not be  entitled  to a deduction  upon the grant of
restricted  stock.  At the time the  shares  of  restricted  stock are no longer
subject to a substantial  risk of forfeiture  (as defined in the Code) or become
transferable, a Director will realize taxable ordinary income in an amount equal
to the fair  market  value of such  number of shares of Common  Stock which have
become  nonforfeitable  or  transferable  and the Company  will be entitled to a
deduction in the same amount,  provided the Company complies with applicable tax
withholding  requirements.  However,  a Director may make an income  recognition
election  under  Section 83(b) of the Code (an "83(b)  Election")  and recognize
taxable  ordinary income in the year the shares of restricted  stock are awarded
in an  amount  equal  to their  fair  market  value  at the  time of the  award,
determined  without regard to the restrictions.  In that event, the Company will
be entitled to a deduction in such year in the same amount, provided the Company
complies with  applicable  tax  withholding  requirements,  and any gain or loss
realized by the employee upon the subsequent disposition of Common Stock will be
capital  gain or loss  and will  not  result  in any  further  deduction  to the
Company.  Any dividends with respect to the shares of restricted  stock that are
paid or made  available to a Director who has not made an 83(b)  Election  while
the shares remain forfeitable are treated as additional  compensation taxable as
ordinary  income to the Director and  deductible by the Company when paid. If an
83(b) Election has been made with respect to the restricted stock, the dividends
represent ordinary dividend income to the Director and are not deductible by the
Company.  If the Director makes an 83(b) Election and subsequently  forfeits the
shares of  restricted  stock,  the  Director is not entitled to a deduction as a
consequence of such forfeiture,  and the Company must include as ordinary income
the amount it  previously  deducted  in the year of grant  with  respect to such
shares.

                           ADMINISTRATION OF THE PLAN

                  The Plan is not subject to the  requirements  of the  Employee
Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 ("ERISA"). The Compensation and Personnel
Committee of the Board of Directors  administers  the Plan but does not act as a
trustee or in any other fiduciary capacity with respect thereto.


                                     - 10 -
<PAGE>

                               RESALE RESTRICTIONS

                  The Plan  contains  no  restrictions  on the  resale of Common
Stock after the  restriction  period ends.  However,  affiliates of the Company,
which may include Directors of the Company,  may not reoffer or resell shares of
Common Stock in a transaction  which is not registered  under the Securities Act
except pursuant to Rule 144 under such Act or another exemption thereunder. Rule
144  requires,  among  other  things,  that (1) any sales of  Common  Stock by a
Director  must be  through a broker,  and (2) SEC Form 144 must be mailed to the
SEC prior to or concurrently with the placing of a sell order with the broker if
the amount  sold  during any three  month  period  exceeds  500 shares or has an
aggregate sale price of more than $10,000.

                              AVAILABLE INFORMATION

         The Company  will  provide,  without  charge,  upon the written or oral
request of any person to whom this Prospectus is delivered, a copy of any of the
following  documents,  all of  which  are  incorporated  by  reference  in  this
Prospectus:

    (a)  The Company's  latest annual report filed pursuant to sections 13(a) or
         15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange
         Act");

    (b)  All other  reports  filed by the Company  pursuant  to sections  13(a),
         13(c),  14 and 15(d) of the  Exchange  Act since the end of the  fiscal
         year covered by the annual report referred to in (a) above; and

    (c)  The  description  of  the  Common  Stock  contained  in a  registration
         statement  filed under the Exchange  Act,  and any  amendment or report
         filed to update such description.


         In addition, the Company will provide, without charge, upon the written
or oral  request  of any  person  to whom  this  Prospectus  is  delivered,  the
following documents:

         (a)      When  updating  information  is  furnished,   a  copy  of  all
                  documents  previously  delivered  containing Plan  information
                  that then constitute part of this Prospectus; and

                                     - 11 -
<PAGE>


         (b)      A  copy  of  whichever  of  the   following   was   previously
                  distributed  pursuant to Rule  428(b)(2)  under the Securities
                  Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"):

                  (i)      The   Company's   annual   report   to   stockholders
                           containing the information  required by Rule 14a-3(b)
                           under the Exchange Act for its latest fiscal year;

                  (ii)     The  Company's  annual  report  on Form  10-K for its
                           latest fiscal year; or

                  (iii)    The latest  prospectus  filed pursuant to Rule 424(b)
                           under  the  Securities  Act  that  contains   audited
                           financial  statements for the Company's latest fiscal
                           year.

         Any  statement  contained  in a document  incorporated  or deemed to be
incorporated by reference in this  Prospectus  shall be deemed to be modified or
superseded  for  purposes  of this  Prospectus  to the extent  that a  statement
contained in this Prospectus or in any other  subsequently  filed document which
also is or is deemed to be incorporated by reference in this Prospectus modifies
or supersedes such statement. Any such statement so modified or superseded shall
not be deemed, except as so modified or superseded, to constitute a part of this
Prospectus.

                  All requests for documents,  as well as for other  information
concerning  the Plan and its  administrators,  should  be  directed  to  Phillip
Savage, The Hartford Financial Services Group, Inc.,  Hartford Plaza,  Hartford,
Connecticut 06115, telephone (203) 547-5000.

                                     - 12 -
<PAGE>

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
