<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>10
<FILENAME>exh10_19.txt
<DESCRIPTION>THE HARTFORD FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP
<TEXT>
                   THE HARTFORD FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP, INC.

________________________________________________________________________________



                   THE HARTFORD FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP, INC.
                      2000 PLANCO NON-EMPLOYEE OPTION PLAN

            450,000 SHARES OF COMMON STOCK, PAR VALUE $.01 PER SHARE

________________________________________________________________________________




FEBRUARY, 2003

Optplanplancofeb2003!.doc


<PAGE>




                                TABLE OF CONTENTS

General Information ...........................................................2

The Hartford Financial Services Group, Inc.
2000 PLANCO Non-Employee Option Plan ..........................................3





                               GENERAL INFORMATION

         Pursuant to The Hartford  Financial  Services  Group,  Inc. 2000 PLANCO
Non-Employee Option Plan (the "Plan"), the committee  administering the Plan may
award  non-qualified  stock  options.  Reference is made to the text of the Plan
herein for a complete  description  of awards  permitted  under the Plan and the
relevant provisions and conditions applicable thereto.

         This  prospectus  does not  cover  resales  of  Common  Stock  acquired
pursuant to the provisions of the Plan.  Resales may be subject to  restrictions
or limitations imposed by the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934.

         The  Plan  is not  subject  to any of the  provisions  of the  Employee
Retirement Income Security Act of 1974. Furthermore, Section 401 of the Internal
Revenue Code relating to certain  qualified  pension,  profit-sharing  and stock
bonus plans does not apply to the Plan.

         Plan   participants   receive   information   with   respect  to  their
participation,  including  the date of grant,  the  exercise  price,  the amount
exercisable and the expiration date.


<PAGE>



                   THE HARTFORD FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP, INC.
                      2000 PLANCO NON-EMPLOYEE OPTION PLAN


1.       PURPOSE

         The  purpose  of The  Hartford  Financial  Services  Group,  Inc.  2000
Non-Employee  Option Plan is to motivate and reward superior  performance on the
part of Key  Individuals  who render  services on behalf of The Hartford and its
affiliates  and  to  thereby  attract  and  maintain   relationships   with  Key
Individuals of superior  ability.  In addition,  the Plan is intended to further
opportunities  for stock  ownership by such Key Individuals in order to increase
their  proprietary  interest in the Company and, as a result,  their interest in
the  success  of the  Company.  Awards  may be made,  in the  discretion  of the
Committee,  to Key Individuals  whose  responsibilities  and decisions  directly
affect the performance of any Participating Company and its subsidiaries.

2.       DEFINITIONS

         When  used  herein,  the  following  terms  shall  have  the  following
meanings:

         "ACT" means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

         "OPTION  AGREEMENT" means the written agreement  evidencing each Option
granted under the Plan.

         "BENEFICIAL  OWNER" means any Person who,  directly or indirectly,  has
the  right to vote or  dispose  of or has  "beneficial  ownership"  (within  the
meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Act) of any  securities of a company,  including
any such right pursuant to any agreement,  arrangement or understanding (whether
or not in  writing),  provided  that:  (i) a  Person  shall  not be  deemed  the
                      --------------
Beneficial  Owner of any security as a result of an  agreement,  arrangement  or
understanding to vote such security (A) arising solely from a revocable proxy or
consent  given in  response  to a  public  proxy or  consent  solicitation  made
pursuant  to,  and in  accordance  with,  the Act and the  applicable  rules and
regulations  thereunder,  or  (B)  made  in  connection  with,  or to  otherwise
participate in, a proxy or consent  solicitation  made, or to be made,  pursuant
to,  and in  accordance  with,  the  applicable  provisions  of the  Act and the
applicable rules and regulations thereunder,  in either case described in clause
(A) or (B) above, whether or not such agreement, arrangement or understanding is
also  then  reportable  by such  Person  on  Schedule  13D under the Act (or any
comparable  or successor  report);  and (ii) a Person  engaged in business as an
underwriter of securities  shall not be deemed to be the Beneficial Owner of any
security  acquired  through such Person's  participation in good faith in a firm
commitment  underwriting  until the  expiration  of forty days after the date of
such acquisition.

         "BENEFICIARY"   means  the  beneficiary  or  beneficiaries   designated
pursuant  to Section 10 to receive the amount,  if any,  payable  under the Plan
upon the death of an Option recipient.

         "BOARD" means the Board of Directors of the Company.

                                     - 3 -
<PAGE>

         "CHANGE OF CONTROL" means the occurrence of an event defined in Section
9 of the Plan.

         "CODE" means the Internal  Revenue Code of 1986, as now in effect or as
hereafter  amended.  (All citations to sections of the Code are to such sections
as they may from time to time be amended or renumbered.)

         "COMMITTEE" means the Compensation and Personnel Committee of the Board
or such member thereof or such other committee as may be designated by the Board
to administer the Plan.

         "COMPANY" means The Hartford  Financial  Services  Group,  Inc. and its
successors and assigns.

         "EMPLOYEE"  means any  person  regularly  employed  by a  Participating
Company,  but  shall  not  include  any  person  who  performs  services  for  a
Participating   Company  as  an  independent   contractor  or  under  any  other
non-employee classification, or who is classified by a Participating Company as,
or determined by a Participating Company to be, an independent contractor.

         "FAIR MARKET  VALUE," unless  otherwise  indicated in the provisions of
this Plan,  means, as of any date, the composite  closing price for one share of
Stock on the New York Stock  Exchange  or, if no sales of Stock have taken place
on such date,  the  composite  closing  price on the most  recent  date on which
selling prices were quoted,  the  determination  to be made in the discretion of
the Committee.

         "KEY INDIVIDUAL"  means an individual who is an independent  contractor
serving  on  the  wholesale  sales  force  in a  Required  Relationship  with  a
Participating  Company who is not an Employee of any  Participating  Company and
whose responsibilities and decisions, in the judgment of the Committee, directly
affect the performance of the Company and its affiliates.

         "OPTION" means a non-qualified  Stock option awarded under Section 5 of
the Plan to purchase Stock of the Company.

         "PARTICIPATING  COMPANY"  means the Company or any  subsidiary or other
affiliate of the Company.

         "PERSON"  has the meaning  ascribed to such term in Section  3(a)(9) of
the Act, as supplemented by Section 13(d)(3) of the Act; provided, however, that
Person shall not include (i) the Company,  any  subsidiary of the Company or any
other  Person  controlled  by the Company,  (ii) any trustee or other  fiduciary
holding  securities  under any  employee  benefit  plan of the Company or of any
subsidiary of the Company, or (iii) a corporation owned, directly or indirectly,
by the  stockholders  of the Company in  substantially  the same  proportions as
their ownership of securities of the Company.

         "PLAN" means the The  Hartford  Financial  Services  Group,  Inc.  2000
PLANCO  Non-Employee  Option Plan, as the same may be amended,  administered  or
interpreted from time to time.

         "PLAN YEAR" means the calendar year.

                                     - 4 -
<PAGE>


         "REQUIRED  RELATIONSHIP"  means a  relationship  involving an insurance
agent who is an exclusive agent of a Participating  Company, or who derives more
than 50% of his or her annual income from a Participating Company.

         "STOCK" means the Common Stock ($.01 par value) of the Company.

         "THE HARTFORD" means The Hartford  Financial  Services Group,  Inc. and
its successors and assigns.

3.       SHARES SUBJECT TO THE PLAN

         The aggregate  number of shares of Stock which may be awarded under the
Plan shall not exceed 450,000 shares of Stock, subject to adjustment as provided
in Section 13.

         Subject to the above  limitations,  shares of Stock to be issued  under
the Plan may be made  available  from the  authorized  but unissued  shares,  or
shares held by the Company in treasury or shares purchased in the open market.

         For the  purpose  of  computing  the  total  number  of shares of Stock
available  for Options  under the Plan and in  applying  the  limitation  in the
preceding  paragraph,  there shall be counted against the foregoing  limitations
the number of shares of Stock subject to issuance upon exercise or settlement of
Options  determined  as at the dates on which such Options are  granted.  If any
Options  under  the Plan are  forfeited,  terminated,  expire  unexercised,  are
settled in cash in lieu of Stock or are exchanged for other Options,  the shares
of Stock which were theretofore subject to such Options shall again be available
for  awards  under  the  Plan to the  extent  of such  forfeiture,  termination,
expiration,  cash  settlement or exchange of such Options.  Further,  any shares
that are exchanged (either actually or  constructively)  by optionees as full or
partial  payment to the Company of the purchase  price of shares being  acquired
through the exercise of a Stock option  granted  under the Plan may be available
for subsequent awards.

4.       GRANT OF OPTIONS AND OPTION AGREEMENTS

         (a) Subject to the  provisions  of the Plan,  the  Committee  shall (i)
determine and designate from time to time those Key Individuals or groups of Key
Individuals  to whom  Options are to be granted;  (ii)  determine  the amount or
number of shares of Stock  subject to each Option;  (iii)  determine the time or
times when and the  manner in which each  Option  shall be  exercisable  and the
duration of the exercise period;  and (iv) determine the terms and conditions of
each Option.

         (b) Each Option  granted under the Plan shall be evidenced by an Option
Agreement. Such Option Agreement shall be subject to and incorporate the express
terms  and  conditions,  if any,  required  under  the Plan or  required  by the
Committee.

5.       STOCK OPTIONS

         (a) The  exercise  period for a  non-qualified  Stock  option shall not
exceed ten years from the date of grant.

                                     - 5 -
<PAGE>

         (b) Unless otherwise determined by the Committee in its discretion, the
Option price per share shall be not less than the Fair Market Value of one share
of Stock on the date the Option is granted.

         (d) No part of any Option may be exercised until the Key Individual who
has been granted the Option shall have remained in a Required  Relationship with
a Participating Company for such period after the date of grant as the Committee
may specify,  if any, and the Committee may further  require  exercisability  in
installments.

         (e) Except as provided in Section 9, the  purchase  price of the shares
as to which an Option  shall be  exercised  shall be paid to the  Company at the
time of exercise  either in cash or Stock already owned by the optionee having a
total Fair Market Value equal to the purchase  price,  or a combination  of cash
and Stock  having a total fair  market  value,  as so  determined,  equal to the
purchase price. The Committee shall determine  acceptable  methods for tendering
Stock as payment upon exercise of an Option and may impose such  limitations and
prohibitions on the use of Stock to exercise an Option as it deems appropriate.

         (f)  In  case  of  a  termination  of  a  Key   Individual's   Required
Relationship, the following provisions shall apply:

                  (A) If a Key  Individual  who has been granted an Option shall
die before such Option has expired,  his or her Option may be exercised,  to the
extent that the Key  Individual  could have exercised such Option on the date of
his or her death,  by (i) the  person or  persons  to whom the Key  Individual's
rights  under the Option pass by will,  or if no such person has such right,  by
his or  her  executors  or  administrators;  or  (ii)  his  or  her  Beneficiary
designated  pursuant to Section 10, at any time, or from time to time, in either
case, within three (3) months after the date of the Key Individual's  death, but
not later than the  expiration  date of the  Option  specified  in Section  5(b)
above.

                  (B) Except as provided  in Section 9, if the Key  Individual's
Required  Relationship  is terminated  for cause as determined by the Committee,
all  Options  shall  be  canceled  coincident  with  the  effective  date of the
termination of the Required Relationship.

                  (C) Except as provided  in Section 9, if the Key  Individual's
Required Relationship terminates for any reason other than death or cause, he or
she may exercise his or her Options,  to the extent  exercisable  at the date of
the termination of his or her Required  Relationship,  at any time, or from time
to time, within three (3) months after the date of the termination of his or her
Required  Relationship,  but not later than the  expiration  date  specified  in
Section 5(b) above. Any Options not so exercisable shall be cancelled coincident
with the effective date of the termination of the Required Relationship.

         (g) No Option granted under the Plan shall be  transferable  other than
by will or by the laws of descent and  distribution.  During the lifetime of the
optionee,  an Option shall be exercisable only by the Key Individual to whom the
Option is granted (or his or her estate or designated Beneficiary).

                                     - 6 -
<PAGE>

8.       CERTIFICATES FOR SHARES OF STOCK

         (a)  The  Company  shall  not be  required  to  issue  or  deliver  any
certificates  for shares of Stock prior to (i) the listing of such shares on any
stock  exchange on which the Stock may then be listed and (ii) the completion of
any registration or qualification of such shares under any federal or state law,
or any ruling or regulation of any government  body which the Company shall,  in
its sole discretion, determine to be necessary or advisable.

         (b) All certificates for shares of Stock delivered under the Plan shall
also be  subject to such  stop-transfer  orders  and other  restrictions  as the
Committee  may  deem  advisable   under  the  rules,   regulations,   and  other
requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission,  any stock exchange upon
which the Stock is then listed and any  applicable  federal or state  securities
laws,  and the  Committee may cause a legend or legends to be placed on any such
certificates to make appropriate reference to such restrictions.  In making such
determination,  the  Committee  may rely  upon an  opinion  of  counsel  for the
Company.

         (c) Each Key  Individual  who receives Stock in settlement of an Option
shall  have all of the rights of a  shareholder  with  respect  to such  shares,
including  the  right  to vote  the  shares  and  receive  dividends  and  other
distributions.  No Key  Individual  awarded an Option  shall have any right as a
shareholder  with respect to any shares covered by his or her Individual  Option
prior to the date of issuance to him or her of a certificate or certificates for
such shares.

9.       CHANGE OF CONTROL

         (a) For purposes of this Plan, a Change of Control shall occur if:

                  (i)      a report  on  Schedule  13D  shall be filed  with the
                           Securities  and  Exchange   Commission   pursuant  to
                           Section 13(d) of the Act disclosing  that any Person,
                           other  than  The  Hartford  or a  subsidiary  of  The
                           Hartford or any employee  benefit  plan  sponsored by
                           The Hartford or a subsidiary of The Hartford,  is the
                           Beneficial  Owner of  twenty  percent  or more of the
                           outstanding  stock of the Company entitled to vote in
                           the election of directors of the Company;

                  (ii)     any Person,  other than The  Hartford or a subsidiary
                           of  The  Hartford  or  any   employee   benefit  plan
                           sponsored  by The  Hartford  or a  subsidiary  of The
                           Hartford shall purchase  shares  pursuant to a tender
                           offer or  exchange  offer to acquire any stock of the
                           Company (or  securities  convertible  into stock) for
                           cash, securities or any other consideration, provided
                           that after  consummation of the offer,  the Person in
                           question  is  the  Beneficial   Owner,   directly  or
                           indirectly,   of  fifteen  percent  or  more  of  the
                           outstanding  stock of the Company entitled to vote in
                           the election of directors of the Company  (calculated
                           as provided in paragraph  (d) of Rule 13d-3 under the
                           Act in the case of rights to acquire stock);

                                     - 7 -
<PAGE>

                  (iii)    the stockholders of the Company shall approve (A) any
                           consolidation  or merger of the  Company in which the
                           Company   is  not   the   continuing   or   surviving
                           corporation  or pursuant to which  shares of stock of
                           the  Company  entitled  to  vote in the  election  of
                           directors  of the  Company  would be  converted  into
                           cash,  securities  or other  property,  other  than a
                           consolidation  or  merger  of the  Company  in  which
                           holders  of such  stock  of the  Company  immediately
                           prior to the  consolidation  or merger  have the same
                           proportionate   ownership  of  common  stock  of  the
                           surviving   corporation   entitled  to  vote  in  the
                           election   of   directors   immediately   after   the
                           consolidation or merger as immediately before, or (B)
                           any sale,  lease,  exchange or other transfer (in one
                           transaction or a series of related  transactions)  of
                           all or  substantially  all the assets of the Company;
                           or

                  (iv)     within  any 12 month  period,  the  persons  who were
                           directors  of  the  Company  immediately  before  the
                           beginning of such period (the "Incumbent  Directors")
                           shall  cease  (for any reason  other  than  death) to
                           constitute  at least a  majority  of the Board of the
                           Company or the board of directors of any successor to
                           the Company, provided that any director who was not a
                           director at the  beginning  of such  period  shall be
                           deemed to be an Incumbent  Director if such  director
                           (A) was elected to the Board of the Company by, or on
                           the  recommendation  of or with the  approval  of, at
                           least  two-thirds of the directors who then qualified
                           as Incumbent  Directors  either  actually or by prior
                           operation  of  this  clause  (iv),  and  (B)  was not
                           designated  by a  Person  who  has  entered  into  an
                           agreement  with the  Company to effect a  transaction
                           described in the immediately preceding clause (iii).

         (b) Notwithstanding  any provisions in this Plan to the contrary,  upon
the occurrence of a Change of Control:

                  (i)      Each  Option  outstanding  on the date such Change of
                           Control  occurs,  and which is not then fully  vested
                           and  exercisable,  shall  immediately vest and become
                           exercisable  to the full extent of the original grant
                           for the remainder of its term.

                  (ii)     The  surviving or resulting  corporation  may, in its
                           discretion, provide for the assumption or replacement
                           of each outstanding  Option granted under the Plan on
                           terms  which are no less  favorable  to the  optionee
                           than  those  applicable  to the  Options  immediately
                           prior to the Change of Control.  If the  surviving or
                           resulting corporation offers to assume or replace the
                           Options,  the  optionee  may elect to have his or her
                           Options assumed or replaced,  in whole or in part, or
                           to surrender on the date the Change of Control occurs
                           his or her  Options,  in whole  or in part,  for cash
                           equal to the excess of the  Formula  Price as defined
                           in Section 9(b)(v) hereof over the exercise price.

                                     - 8 -
<PAGE>




                  (iii)    In the event the successor corporation does not offer
                           to assume  or  replace  the  outstanding  Options  as
                           described  in Section  9(b)(ii)  hereof,  each Option
                           will be  exercised on the date such Change of Control
                           occurs for cash  equal to the  excess of the  Formula
                           Price as defined in Section  9(b)(v)  hereof over the
                           exercise price.

                  (iv)     If a Key Individual elects to have his or her Options
                           assumed or  replaced in  accordance  with clause (ii)
                           above, and within the three (3) year period following
                           the  date of the  Change  of  Control  the  following
                           occurs:   the  Required   Relationship  of  such  Key
                           Individual is involuntarily  terminated other than in
                           a Termination For Just Cause (as defined below), then
                           such Key  Individual's  assumed or  replaced  Options
                           shall  remain  exercisable  in  whole  or in part for
                           seven (7) months  after the date of such  termination
                           (or until the  expiration  date for such Options,  if
                           earlier).  Such  assumed or  replaced  Options may be
                           exercised  for cash  equal to the  higher  of (1) the
                                                              ------
                           excess  of the Fair  Market  Value  of the  successor
                           corporation's  common  stock  on  the  date  of  such
                           termination over the exercise price for such Options,
                           or (2) the excess of the  Formula  Price (as  defined
                           below) of the Company's  Stock on the date the Change
                           of Control  occurred over the exercise price for such
                           Options.

                  (v)      The following definitions shall apply for purposes of
                           this Section 9 only:
                                          ----

                           "FORMULA  PRICE" means the highest of (A) the highest
                                                      -------
                           composite daily closing price of the Stock during the
                           period  beginning  on the 60th  calendar day prior to
                           the Change of Control  and ending on the date of such
                           Change of Control,  (B) the highest  gross price paid
                           for the Stock  during  the same  period  of time,  as
                           reported in a report on  Schedule  13D filed with the
                           Securities  and  Exchange  Commission,   or  (C)  the
                           highest gross price paid or to be paid for a share of
                           Stock  (whether  by  way  of  exchange,   conversion,
                           distribution  upon merger,  liquidation or otherwise)
                           in any of the  transactions set forth in this Section
                           as constituting a Change of Control.

                           "TERMINATION  FOR JUST CAUSE" means a termination  of
                           the   Required    Relationship    based   on   fraud,
                           misappropriation  or  embezzlement on the part of the
                           Key Individual which results in a final conviction of
                           a felony.

         (c) In the event of a Change of Control,  no  amendment,  suspension or
termination  of the Plan  thereafter  shall  impair or reduce  the rights of any
person with respect to any Option granted under the Plan.

10.      BENEFICIARY

         (a) Each Key Individual may file with the Company a written designation
of one or more persons as the  Beneficiary  who shall be entitled to receive the
Option,  if any,  payable under the Plan upon his or her death. A Key Individual
may from  time to time  revoke  or  change  his or her

                                     - 9 -
<PAGE>

Beneficiary designation without the consent of any prior Beneficiary by filing a
new  designation  with the Company.  The last such  designation  received by the
Company shall be controlling;  provided, however, that no designation, or change
or revocation  thereof,  shall be effective unless received by the Company prior
to the death of the Key Individual and in no event shall it be effective as of a
date prior to such receipt.

         (b) If no such Beneficiary  designation is in effect at the time of the
death of a Key  Individual  or if no  designated  Beneficiary  survives  the Key
Individual  or if such  designation  conflicts  with law,  the estate of the Key
Individual  shall be entitled to receive the Option,  if any,  payable under the
Plan upon his or her death.  If the Committee is in doubt as to the right of any
person to receive  such  Option,  the Company may retain  such  Option,  without
liability for any interest  thereon,  until the Committee  determines the rights
thereto,  or the Company may deliver  such Option into any court of  appropriate
jurisdiction and such delivery shall be a complete discharge of the liability of
the Company therefor.

11.      ADMINISTRATION OF THE PLAN

         (a) All decisions,  determinations  or actions of the Committee made or
taken  pursuant to grants of authority  under the Plan shall be made or taken in
the sole discretion of the Committee and shall be final,  conclusive and binding
on all persons for all purposes.

         (b) The Committee  shall have full power,  discretion  and authority to
interpret,  construe  and  administer  the Plan and any  part  thereof,  and its
interpretations and constructions thereof and actions taken thereunder shall be,
except as otherwise  determined by the Board,  final,  conclusive and binding on
all persons for all purposes.

         (c) The Committee's  decisions and  determinations  under the Plan need
not be uniform and may be made selectively among Key Individuals, whether or not
such Key Individuals are similarly situated.

         (d) The  Committee  may, in its sole  discretion,  delegate such of its
powers as it deems  appropriate to the Committee  Chairman,  the chief executive
officer or other members of senior management.

         (e) If a  Change  of  Control  has not  occurred  and if the  Committee
determines that a Key Individual has taken action inimical to the best interests
of any  Participating  Company,  the  Committee  may,  in its  sole  discretion,
terminate  in whole or in part such  portion of any Option as has not yet become
exercisable at the time of termination.

12.      AMENDMENT, EXTENSION OR TERMINATION

         The Board or the  Committee  may, at any time,  amend or terminate  the
Plan for any reason as determined in their sole discretion.

                                     - 10 -
<PAGE>

13.      ADJUSTMENTS IN EVENT OF CHANGE IN COMMON STOCK

         In  the  event  of  any   reorganization,   merger,   recapitalization,
consolidation,  liquidation,  Stock  dividend,  Stock  split,  reclassification,
combination  of shares,  rights  offering,  split-up or  extraordinary  dividend
(including a spin-off)  or  divestiture,  or any other  change in the  corporate
structure or shares of Stock,  the  Committee  may make such  adjustment  in the
Stock subject to purchase by an Option, or the terms, conditions or restrictions
on Options, including the price payable upon the exercise of such Option and the
number of shares subject to Option, as the Committee deems equitable.

14.      MISCELLANEOUS

         (a) Except as provided in Section 9, nothing in this Plan or any Option
granted  hereunder shall confer upon any Key Individual any right to continue in
a Required Relationship or any other relationship with any Participating Company
or interfere in any way with the right of any Participating Company to terminate
his or her  Required  Relationship  or any other  relationship  at any time.  No
Option  payable under the Plan shall be deemed salary or  compensation  or other
amount  payable to an Employee for the purpose of computing  benefits  under any
employee benefit plan or other arrangement of any Participating  Company for the
benefit of its Employees.  No Key  Individual  shall have any claim to an Option
until it is  actually  granted  under the Plan.  To the  extent  that any person
acquires a right to receive  payments  from the  Company  under this Plan,  such
right shall be no greater than the right of an unsecured general creditor of the
Company.  All payments to be made hereunder shall be paid from the general funds
of the  Company  and no special or  separate  fund shall be  established  and no
segregation of assets shall be made to assure payment of such amounts.

         (b) The Committee may cause to be made, as a condition precedent to the
payment of any  Option,  or  otherwise,  appropriate  arrangements  with the Key
Individual or his or her Beneficiary, for the withholding of any federal, state,
local or  foreign  taxes  determined  applicable  by the  Committee  in its sole
discretion.

         (c) The  Plan  and  the  grant  of  Options  shall  be  subject  to all
applicable  federal and state laws, rules, and regulations and to such approvals
by any government or regulatory agency as may be required.

         (d) The terms of the Plan shall be  binding  upon the  Company  and its
successors and assigns.

         (e) Captions  preceding  the sections  hereof are inserted  solely as a
matter of  convenience  and in no way define or limit the scope or intent of any
provision hereof.

15.      EFFECTIVE DATE AND TERM OF PLAN

         The effective  date of the Plan shall be July 20, 2000. No Option shall
be  granted  under  this Plan  after the  Plan's  termination  date.  The Plan's
termination  date shall be July 20, 2010.  The Plan will  continue in effect for
existing Options as long as any such Option is outstanding.

                                     - 11 -
<PAGE>

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
