<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>exh10_17.txt
<DESCRIPTION>THE HARTFORD FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP
<TEXT>


                THE HARTFORD SENIOR EXECUTIVE SEVERANCE PAY PLAN

This  document  describes  your  benefits  under The Hartford  Senior  Executive
Severance  Pay  Plan,  and  includes  the text of the Plan and  other  important
information.












Rev. June, 2000


<PAGE>


                                TABLE OF CONTENTS
                                -----------------


TEXT OF THE HARTFORD SENIOR EXECUTIVE SEVERANCE PAY PLAN

                                                                            Page
                                                                            ----

1.       Purpose...............................................................3
2.       Application of Plan...................................................3
3.       Covered Employees ....................................................3
4.       Severance Pay Upon Termination of Employment..........................4
5.       Schedule of Severance Pay.............................................6
6.       Notice or Pay in Lieu of Notice.......................................6
7.       Form of Payment of Severance Pay......................................7
8.       Employee Benefit Plan Coverage While Receiving Severance Pay..........7
9.       Excluded Employee Compensation Plans, Programs, Arrangements
           and Perquisites.....................................................8
10.      Divestiture, Closure, Relocations.....................................9
11.      Disqualifying Conduct.................................................9
12.      Release...............................................................9
13.      Offset................................................................9
14.      Administration of Plan...............................................10
15.      Termination or Amendment.............................................10
16.      Miscellaneous........................................................10

OTHER IMPORTANT INFORMATION

1.       NOTICE...............................................................11


<PAGE>

                          THE HARTFORD SENIOR EXECUTIVE
                               SEVERANCE PAY PLAN



1.       PURPOSE
         -------

         The purpose of The Hartford  1997 Senior  Executive  Severance Pay Plan
         (the  "Plan")  is to assist in  occupational  transition  by  providing
         severance  pay  for  senior  executives  covered  by  this  Plan  whose
         employment is terminated under conditions set forth in this Plan.

2.       APPLICATION OF PLAN
         -------------------

         This Plan is effective  October 1, 1997. Any termination of termination
         of employment that has an Effective Date (as defined herein) while this
         Plan is in effect  shall be governed  exclusively  by the terms of this
         Plan and by no other  plan,  policy,  practice or  arrangement,  except
         where this Plan is expressly  superseded by a Key Executive  Employment
         Protection  Agreement  with  the  Company,  or  an  individual  written
         employment contract or other written agreement with the Company. To the
         extent that this Plan is expressly  superseded  by any of the foregoing
         agreements or contracts,  no severance shall be payable hereunder,  and
         the  provisions of this Plan will otherwise be deemed null and void and
         without effect.

3.       COVERED EMPLOYEES
         -----------------

         You are a Covered Employee under this Plan if you are an "Employee" (as
         defined below) who (1) qualifies as an "Eligible  Employee" (as defined
         below),  (2) is paid on a salaried  basis,  and (3) is  identified as a
         Tier Two executive.  A person who is on an authorized leave of absence,
         paid or unpaid (including  medical leave of absence),  of not more than
         twenty-six  (26)  weeks  who  would  otherwise  qualify  as  a  Covered
         Employee,  but for  being on leave of  absence,  will be  considered  a
         Covered Employee for purposes of this Plan.

         For  purposes  of the  Plan,  "Employee"  means  any  person  regularly
         employed by Hartford Fire  Insurance  Company or any of its  designated
         subsidiaries or affiliates (collectively, the "Company"), but shall not
         include  any  person  who  performs  services  for  the  Company  as an
         independent contractor or under any other non-employee  classification,
         or who is classified by the Company as, or determined by the Company to
         be, an independent contractor.

         For  purposes  of the  Plan,  "Eligible  Employee"  means  an  Employee
         employed by the Company; provided, however, that except as the Board of
         Directors or the Committee may

                                     - 3 -
<PAGE>

         otherwise  provide  on a  basis  uniformly  applicable  to all  persons
         similarly situated, Eligible Employee shall not include any "Ineligible
         Person," which means all of the following:  (1) A person who is paid on
         an hourly  basis;  or (2) A person who:  (A) holds a position  with the
         Company's  "HARTEMP"  Program,  or (B) is hired to work for the Company
         through a temporary  employment  agency,  or (C) is hired to a position
         with  the  Company  with  notice  on his or her  date of hire  that the
         position  will  terminate on a certain  date;  or (3) A person who is a
         leased employee  (within the meaning of Code Section  414(n)(2)) of the
         Company  or is  otherwise  employed  through  a  temporary  help  firm,
         technical  help  firm,   staffing  firm,   employee  leasing  firm,  or
         professional employer  organization,  regardless of whether such person
         is an Employee of the Company,  or (4) A person who  performs  services
         for the  Company  as an  independent  contractor  or  under  any  other
         non-employee  classification,  or is  classified  by the Company as, or
         determined by the Company to be, an independent  contractor,  or who is
         classified  by the Company as, or  determined  by the Company to be, an
         independent   contractor,   regardless   of  whether   such  person  is
         characterized or ultimately  determined by the Internal Revenue Service
         or  any  other  Federal,  State  or  local  governmental  authority  or
         regulatory  body to be an employee of the Company or its affiliates for
         income or wage tax purposes or for any other purpose.

         Notwithstanding  any  provision  in the  Plan to the  contrary,  if any
         person is an  Ineligible  Person or  otherwise  does not  qualify as an
         Eligible  Employee,  or is otherwise  ineligible to  participate in the
         Plan,  and such  person is later  required  by a court or  governmental
         authority  or  regulatory  body to be  classified  as a  person  who is
         eligible to participate in the Plan,  such person shall not be eligible
         to participate in the Plan, notwithstanding such classification, unless
         and until designated as an Eligible Employee by the Plan Administrator,
         and if so  designated,  the  participation  of such  person in the Plan
         shall be prospective only.

4.       SEVERANCE PAY UPON TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT
         --------------------------------------------

         If the  Company  terminates  your  employment  and you  sign a  Release
         acceptable  to the  Company,  you shall be  provided  severance  pay in
         accordance with the terms of this Plan EXCEPT if you:
                                                ------

         o        are terminated for  misconduct or other  disciplinary  action,
                  which by way of example  may  include,  but is not limited to,
                  the  following:   serious   violations  of  Company  policies,
                  violation of the Company  Code of  Corporate  Conduct or other
                  similar  policy  or   undertaking  of  the  Company;   or  any
                  Company-initiated  termination  for cause or for actions  that
                  are immoral, unethical,  inimical to the best interests of the
                  Company, or illegal;

         o        refuse a Similar  Position  (as  defined  herein)  offered  as
                  alternative  employment with the Company. For purposes of this
                  Plan,  "Similar  Position"  shall mean a position  of the same
                  base salary  rates and same  opportunity  for  incentive  with
                  similar  duties,   or  having   different   duties  which,  in
                  management's  judgment,  the

                                     - 4 -
<PAGE>

                  employee  is able to  perform  and which is  located  within a
                  50-mile radius of the previous position's location;

         o        terminate  employment  with  the  Company  prior  to the  date
                  selected by the Company as your last day of active  employment
                  ("Effective Date");

         o        are  terminated  while on a leave of absence  (paid or unpaid)
                  after 26 weeks of such leave;

         o        are  mandatorily  retired on or after your  Normal  Retirement
                  Date (as  defined  herein)  where  legally  permitted,  or are
                  terminated  with an  Effective  Date on or after  your  Normal
                  Retirement Date. "Normal Retirement Date" shall mean the first
                  of the month which  coincides  with or follows the  employee's
                  65th birthday;

         o        are terminated  following  acceptance or refusal of employment
                  or continued  employment  with a purchaser in connection  with
                  any sale or divestiture described in Section 10 hereof;

         o        are eligible for greater severance payments under the terms of
                  a Key  Executive  Employment  Protection  Agreement  with  the
                  Company, or an individual written employment contract or other
                  written agreement with the Company.

         If you initiate  termination  of  employment  for any reason  including
         resigning,  retiring or failing to return to work immediately following
         the  expiration  of any  leave of  absence,  no  severance  pay will be
         provided under this Plan.

         No severance pay will be provided under this Plan upon any  termination
         of  employment  as a  result  of your  death,  or as a  result  of your
         Disability as defined in The Hartford  Investment  and Savings Plan, as
         may be amended from time to time (the "Savings Plan").


                                     - 5 -
<PAGE>


5.       SCHEDULE OF SEVERANCE PAY
         -------------------------

         Covered Employees will be provided severance pay in accordance with the
         following Schedule of Severance Pay which sets forth the months of Base
         Pay which are  provided  to a Covered  Employee  based upon the Covered
         Employee's Years of Service as of the Effective Date.

                    Years of Service                          Months of Base Pay
                    ----------------                          ------------------

                 Less than  4      . . . . . .                       12
                            4      . . . . . .                       13
                            5      . . . . . .                       14
                            6      . . . . . .                       15
                            7      . . . . . .                       16
                            8      . . . . . .                       17
                            9      . . . . . .                       18
                           10      . . . . . .                       19
                           11      . . . . . .                       20
                           12      . . . . . .                       21
                           13      . . . . . .                       22
                           14      . . . . . .                       23
                           15      or more . . . . . .               24


         The severance  payment provided will be subject to applicable  federal,
         state and local taxes,  which will be withheld  from such payment where
         required by applicable law as determined in the sole  discretion of the
         Plan Administrator.

         "Base Pay" shall mean your  annual base  salary at the  Effective  Date
         divided by twelve (12) months.

         "Years of Service"  shall mean the total number of  completed  years of
         employment  measured from your Company  service date to your  Effective
         Date,  rounded to the nearest whole year.  Your Company service date is
         the date used to  determine  your  eligibility  for  vesting  under the
         applicable Company retirement plan in effect on the Effective Date.

         Notwithstanding  the above  Schedule of Severance  Pay, in no event (i)
         shall  months of Base Pay  provided  to you exceed the number of months
         remaining  between the Effective Date and your Normal  Retirement Date,
         or (ii) shall  severance pay exceed the  equivalent of twice your total
         annual compensation during the year immediately preceding the Effective
         Date.

6.       NOTICE OR PAY IN LIEU OF NOTICE
         -------------------------------

                                     - 6 -
<PAGE>

         Except as  provided  in this Plan or under a Key  Executive  Employment
         Protection  Agreement  with  the  Company,  or  an  individual  written
         employment  contract or other written  agreement with the Company,  you
         shall  not be  entitled  to any  notice of  termination  or pay in lieu
         thereof.  At the sole discretion of the Plan Administrator or designee,
         notice may be provided.

7.       FORM OF PAYMENT OF SEVERANCE PAY
         --------------------------------

         Severance  pay  shall be paid in  periodic  payments  according  to the
         regular  payroll  schedule  ("Periodic  Payment"),  provided  that  the
         Company  reserves the right at any time to pay the remaining  severance
         pay in a discounted lump sum.

         Any  discounted  lump sum paid  under  this Plan  shall be equal to the
         present  value of the remaining  Periodic  Payments of severance pay as
         determined  by the Company  using an  interest  rate equal to the prime
         rate at Citibank in effect on the date the Company notifies you that it
         is exercising its right to pay severance in the discounted lump sum.

         Periodic  Payment of severance pay will commence or the discounted lump
         sum will be paid on the next day following the Effective  Date,  except
         that where the Company  exercises its right to pay the discounted  lump
         sum  after  the  commencement  of  Periodic  Payments,  it will be paid
         promptly after the Company exercises such right.

         In the event of your death during the period you are receiving Periodic
         Payment of severance  pay, the amount of severance pay remaining  shall
         be paid, subject to applicable law, in a discounted lump sum payment to
         your  spouse,  if any, or to such other  beneficiary  or  beneficiaries
         designated  by you in  writing,  or if you are not  married and failing
         such designation, to your estate.

         During  the time  period  that you are  receiving  Periodic  Payment of
         severance pay, or for which you receive  severance pay by lump sum, you
         must  continue to be available to render  reasonable  assistance to the
         Company,  consistent  with the level of your  prior  position  with the
         Company,  at times  and  locations  that are  mutually  acceptable.  In
         requesting such services,  the Company will take into account any other
         commitments  which you may have.  After the  Effective  Date and normal
         wind up of your former duties,  you will not be required to perform any
         regular services for the Company.

         In the event you secure  employment  other than with the Company  while
         receiving  severance  pay,  you must  notify  the  Company.  Upon  such
         notification the Company  generally will make a single  discounted lump
         sum payment to you of all remaining  severance pay. Periodic Payment of
         severance pay will cease if you are rehired by the Company.

         In the event you retire under the applicable  Company  retirement  plan
         while  receiving  Periodic  Payment,  the  Company  will  pay  you  any
         remaining severance pay in a single discounted lump sum payment.

                                     - 7 -
<PAGE>

8.       EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN COVERAGE WHILE RECEIVING SEVERANCE PAY
         ------------------------------------------------------------

         Except  as  otherwise  provided  herein,  as long as you are  receiving
         Periodic Payment, you will continue to be eligible for participation in
         Company  employee  benefit  plans in effect as of the  Effective  Date,
         including without limitation,  any non-qualified excess or supplemental
         benefit plans,  in accordance  with the  applicable  provisions of such
         plans.  You will not be eligible to  participate  in any Company salary
         continuation,  short-term or long-term  disability  plans,  the Company
         business travel  accident plan or any new employee  benefit plan or any
         improvement  to any  existing  employee  benefit  plan  adopted  by the
         Company after the Effective Date.

         If a lump  sum  payment  of  severance  pay  is  made,  eligibility  to
         participate in all Company employee benefit plans ends.

         Deductions   for  continuing   group  life  and   medical/dental/health
         insurance and  participation in the Savings Plan remain available while
         receiving Periodic Payment of the severance pay, subject to the maximum
         time  periods  as  specified  by the terms of the  respective  plans in
         effect as of the Effective Date.

9.       EXCLUDED EMPLOYEE COMPENSATION PLANS, PROGRAMS, ARRANGEMENTS AND
         ----------------------------------------------------------------
         PERQUISITES
         -----------


         During the period you are receiving  Periodic Payment of severance pay,
         you will not be eligible to accrue any vacation or  participate  in any
         (i) bonus  program;  (ii) special  termination  programs;  (iii) tax or
         financial  advisory  services;  (iv) new  awards  under  any  long-term
         incentive  compensation  plan or  program  of the  Company;  (v) new or
         revised  executive  compensation  programs that may be introduced after
         the Effective Date; or (vi) any other executive  compensation  program,
         plan, arrangement,  practice, policy or perquisites unless specifically
         authorized  by the Company in writing.  The period during which you are
         receiving  Periodic  Payment of  severance  pay shall not be counted as
         service for purposes of any Company  long-term  incentive  compensation
         awards  outstanding  as of  the  Effective  Date.  Notwithstanding  the
         preceding sentence, during such period you will continue to be eligible
         to vest in any outstanding  unvested  deferred  restricted  stock units
         (bonus swap), as well as any  outstanding  unvested stock option awards
         except (a) any options  awarded to you on December 17, 1997 or July 19,
         ------
         2000, and (b) any other options that are designated  under the terms of
         the award of such  options as  ineligible  for  continued  crediting of
         service  during  Periodic  Payment of severance  pay.  Also during such
         period,  you will  continue to be eligible to exercise any  outstanding
         vested stock option awards,  except to the extent that (I) such options
         first expire under the applicable plan or program, or (II) such options
         are  designated  under  the  terms  of the  award  of such  options  as
         ineligible for continued  exercise during Periodic Payment of severance
         pay. Any unvested  restricted  stock and  unvested  performance  shares
         outstanding  as of  the  Effective  Date  will  be  canceled  as of the
         Effective  Date,  except  to  the  extent  otherwise  provided  in  the
         applicable plan or program.

                                     - 8 -
<PAGE>

10.      DIVESTITURE. CLOSURE, RELOCATIONS
         ---------------------------------

         If the Company or a subsidiary  or affiliate or division of the Company
         or a portion thereof,  at which you are employed,  is sold or divested,
         and if (i) you  accept  employment  or  continued  employment  with the
         purchaser,  or (ii) refuse employment or continued  employment with the
         purchaser on terms and conditions  substantially comparable to those in
         effect immediately preceding the sale or divestiture,  you shall not be
         provided  severance pay hereunder or any related benefits  described in
         Section 8 or Section 9 of this Plan.  The provisions of this Section 10
         apply to all sales and divestitures  (whether  accomplished as sales of
         assets,  sales of corporate  entities or any other method),  other than
         any sale or divestiture that qualifies as a Change of Control under The
         Hartford  2000  Incentive  Stock Plan (as may be  amended  from time to
         time).


11.      DISQUALIFYING CONDUCT
         ---------------------

         If, during the period you are receiving  Periodic  Payment of severance
         pay, you (i) conduct yourself in a manner which is inimical to the best
         interests of the Company,  or which adversely  affects those interests;
         (ii)  make  statements,  either  oral or  written,  which  are false or
         misleading or which  disparage  the Company;  (iii) fail to comply with
         any Company  Covenant  Against  Disclosure  and Assignment of Rights to
         Intellectual  Property or other similar  policy or  undertaking  of the
         Company; (iv) without the Company's prior consent, induce any employees
         of the Company to leave their Company employment; or (v) fail to comply
         with  applicable  provisions  of the Code of Conduct  or other  similar
         policy or undertaking of the Company, or any other applicable corporate
         policy of the Company, then the Company will have no further obligation
         to provide severance pay.

12.      RELEASE
         -------

         No  severance  pay will be provided  under this Plan unless you execute
         and deliver to the Company a Release,  satisfactory to the Company,  in
         which you discharge  and release the Company,  its  affiliates  and the
         Company's  directors,  officers,  employees and employee  benefit plans
         from all claims  (other  than for  benefits  to which you are  entitled
         under any Company employee benefit plan) arising out of your employment
         or termination of employment.

13.      OFFSET
         ------

         Any  severance  pay  provided to you under this Plan shall be offset by
         reducing such amount by any severance pay,  termination  pay or similar
         pay or allowance which you receive or are entitled to receive (i) under
         any other Company plan, policy, practice, program or arrangement;  (ii)
         pursuant to any Key Executive Employment  Protection Agreement with the
         Company,  or any  individual  written  employment  agreement  or  other
         written  agreement

                                     - 9 -
<PAGE>

         with the  Company;  or (iii) by virtue of any law,  custom or  practice
         excluding, however, any unemployment compensation which you may receive
         as a state unemployment award.

         Any  severance pay provided to you under this Plan shall also be offset
         by reducing such severance pay by any severance pay, termination pay or
         similar  pay or  allowance  you  received  as a  result  of  any  prior
         termination of employment with the Company.

         Any  severance  pay and any notice pay  provided to you under this Plan
         shall be offset by reducing  such  severance  pay and notice pay by any
         payments made to you by the Company  pursuant to the Worker  Adjustment
         and Retraining Notification Act ("WARN") and any similar federal, state
         or local law.

         Any  severance  pay  provided to you under this Plan shall be offset by
         reducing  such  severance  pay by any  payment  made to you  under  any
         Company or statutory  disability  plan,  policy,  practice,  program or
         arrangement where any such payment is made for any period of time after
         the Effective Date.

14.      ADMINISTRATION OF PLAN
         ----------------------

         Responsibility for administration of this Plan rests with Hartford Fire
         Insurance  Company's Group Senior Vice  President,  Human Resources (or
         other individual with similar  responsibilities) or his designee ("Plan
         Administrator").

         The Plan Administrator shall have the exclusive right to interpret this
         Plan, adopt any rules and regulations for carrying out this Plan as may
         be appropriate  and decide any and all matters arising under this Plan,
         including,  but not limited to, the right to determine appeals. Subject
         to applicable federal and state law, all  interpretations and decisions
         by the Plan Administrator shall be final, conclusive and binding on all
         parties affected thereby.

15.      TERMINATION OR AMENDMENT
         ------------------------

         The Plan  Administrator  shall have the power to make amendments to the
         Plan that do not involve a material cost to the Company or are required
         by  applicable  law. Any other  amendments to the Plan shall be made by
         the Board of Directors of Hartford Fire Insurance Company. The Company,
         through  its  Board  of  Directors,  reserves  the  right,  in its sole
         discretion,  to  terminate,  suspend,  amend or modify this Plan ("Plan
         Change") in whole or in part at any time without  prior  notice  except
         that no  such  Plan  Change,  and no Plan  amendment  made by the  Plan
         Administrator,  may reduce or adversely  affect  severance  pay for any
         employee whose employment  terminates within two years of the effective
         date of such Plan Change or amendment, provided that such Executive was
         a Covered  Employee  under this Plan on the date of such Plan Change or
         amendment.

                                     - 10 -
<PAGE>

16.      MISCELLANEOUS
         -------------

         o        In cases where  severance pay is provided under this Plan, pay
                  in lieu of any unused vacation entitlement will be paid to you
                  in a single lump sum payment after severance pay ceases.  Such
                  lump sum payment  will not have the effect of  extending  your
                  Company service for any purpose.

         o        Benefits  under this Plan are paid for entirely by the Company
                  from its general assets.

         o        The  section  headings  contained  in this  Plan are  included
                  solely for  convenience  of reference and shall not in any way
                  affect the meaning of any provision of this Plan.



OTHER IMPORTANT INFORMATION
---------------------------

         NOTICE
         ------

THIS PLAN IS NOT A CONTRACT OF EMPLOYMENT. IT DOES NOT GUARANTEE YOUR EMPLOYMENT
FOR ANY  SPECIFIED  PERIOD  AND DOES NOT  LIMIT  THE  RIGHT  OF THE  COMPANY  TO
TERMINATE  YOUR  EMPLOYMENT  AT ANY TIME  FOR ANY  REASON.  EMPLOYMENT  WITH THE
COMPANY IS TERMINABLE AT WILL.

ANY EMPLOYEE WHO IS NOT OBLIGATED TO CONTINUE HIS/HER  EMPLOYMENT UNDER A FORMAL
WRITTEN  EMPLOYMENT  AGREEMENT  WITH THE COMPANY  RETAINS THE RIGHT TO TERMINATE
THEIR EMPLOYMENT AT ANY TIME, WITH OR WITHOUT NOTICE, AND WITH OR WITHOUT CAUSE.
LIKEWISE,  THE COMPANY CAN TERMINATE THE EMPLOYMENT OF ANY EMPLOYEE AT ANY TIME,
WITH OR WITHOUT NOTICE, AND WITH OR WITHOUT CAUSE, SUBJECT TO APPLICABLE LAW.

NO  SUPERVISOR  OR  MANAGER  HAS ANY  AUTHORITY  TO  ENTER  INTO  AN  EMPLOYMENT
AGREEMENT,  WRITTEN  OR  VERBAL,  OR TO MAKE ANY  AGREEMENT  OR  REPRESENTATIONS
CONTRARY TO THE FOREGOING, UNLESS IT IS AUTHORIZED IN WRITING BY THE CHAIRMAN OF
THE  COMPANY AND SUCH  AGREEMENT  IS IN  WRITING.  FURTHER NO COMPANY  DOCUMENT,
COMMUNICATION  OR  PUBLICATION  SHOULD BE UNDERSTOOD AS, OR CONSTRUED AS, MAKING
SUCH AN AGREEMENT OR EXTENDING SUCH A REPRESENTATION.

                                     - 11 -
<PAGE>

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
