<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>exh10_14.txt
<DESCRIPTION>THE HARTFORD FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP
<TEXT>

                   THE HARTFORD FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP, INC.

           17,211,837 SHARES OF COMMON STOCK, PAR VALUE $.01 PER SHARE

________________________________________________________________________________

                        THE HARTFORD INCENTIVE STOCK PLAN

________________________________________________________________________________

                                PLAN INFORMATION

________________________________________________________________________________

       THIS DOCUMENT CONSTITUTES PART OF A PROSPECTUS COVERING SECURITIES
           THAT HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933.

THE PROSPECTUS COVERS SUCH ADDITIONAL  SECURITIES AS MAY BE ISSUABLE AS A RESULT
OF  ANTI-DILUTION  PROVISIONS  CONTAINED  IN THE  INSTRUMENTS  PURSUANT TO WHICH
SECURITIES COVERED BY THE PROSPECTUS ARE ISSUED.

________________________________________________________________________________

THESE  SECURITIES  HAVE NOT BEEN APPROVED OR  DISAPPROVED  BY THE SECURITIES AND
EXCHANGE  COMMISSION OR ANY STATE  SECURITIES  COMMISSION NOR HAS THE SECURITIES
AND  EXCHANGE  COMMISSION  OR ANY STATE  SECURITIES  COMMISSION  PASSED UPON THE
ACCURACY OR ADEQUACY OF THE PROSPECTUS.  ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS A
CRIMINAL OFFENSE.



FOR NORTH CAROLINA RESIDENTS:

THESE  SECURITIES  HAVE NOT BEEN APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED BY THE  COMMISSIONER OF
INSURANCE FOR THE STATE OF NORTH CAROLINA, NOR HAS THE COMMISSIONER OF INSURANCE
RULED UPON THE ACCURACY OR THE ADEQUACY OF THIS DOCUMENT.

________________________________________________________________________________

JANUARY, 2002

                                     - 1 -
<PAGE>

         Additional  information  about The Hartford  Incentive  Stock Plan (the
"Plan") and its administration may be obtained without charge by written or oral
request  to the  Manager  of Stock  Option  Plan  Administration,  The  Hartford
Financial Services Group, Inc. ("The Hartford"),  Hartford Plaza,  Hartford,  CT
06115, telephone number (860) 547-5000.

                              AVAILABLE INFORMATION

         The Hartford will  provide,  without  charge,  upon the written or oral
request of any person to whom this Prospectus is delivered, a copy of any of the
following  documents,  all of  which  are  incorporated  by  reference  in  this
Prospectus:

         (a)      The  Hartford's  latest  Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with
                  the  Securities  and Exchange  Commission  (the  "Commission")
                  pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities  Exchange
                  Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act");

         (b)      All other reports filed  pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of
                  the  Exchange  Act since the end of the fiscal year covered by
                  the Form 10-K referred to in (a) above; and

         (c)      The   description   of  the  Common   Stock   contained  in  a
                  registration statement filed under the Exchange Act, including
                  any amendment or report filed for the purpose of updating such
                  description.

         All documents  subsequently  filed with the  Commission by The Hartford
         pursuant to Sections  13(a),  13(c),  14 and 15(d) of the Exchange Act,
         after  the date  hereof  and prior to the  filing  of a  post-effective
         amendment which indicates that all securities offered have been sold or
         which  deregisters all securities then remaining unsold shall be deemed
         to be  incorporated  by  reference in the  Prospectus  and to be a part
         thereof from the date of filing such documents.

         In addition,  The  Hartford  will  provide,  without  charge,  upon the
         written  or oral  request  of any  person  to whom this  Prospectus  is
         delivered, the following documents:

         (a)      When  updating  information  is  furnished,   a  copy  of  all
                  documents  previously  delivered  containing Plan  information
                  that then constitute part of this Prospectus; and

         (b)      A  copy  of  whichever  of  the   following   was   previously
                  distributed  pursuant to Rule  428(b)(2)  under the Securities
                  Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"):

                  (i)      The   Hartford's   annual   report  to   stockholders
                           containing the information  required by Rule 14a-3(b)
                           under the Exchange Act for its latest fiscal year;

                  (ii)     The  Hartford's  annual  report  on Form 10-K for its
                           latest fiscal year; or

                                     - 2 -
<PAGE>

                  (iii)    The latest  prospectus  filed pursuant to Rule 424(b)
                           under  the  Securities  Act  that  contains   audited
                           financial statements for The Hartford's latest fiscal
                           year.

         Any  statement  contained  in a document  incorporated  or deemed to be
         incorporated  by  reference  in the  Prospectus  shall be  deemed to be
         modified or  superseded  for purposes of the  Prospectus  to the extent
         that  a  statement   contained  in  the  Prospectus  or  in  any  other
         subsequently   filed  document  which  also  is  or  is  deemed  to  be
         incorporated by reference in the Prospectus modifies or supersedes such
         statement.  Any such  statement so modified or superseded  shall not be
         deemed,  except as so modified or  superseded,  to constitute a part of
         the  Prospectus.  Any such  document,  as well as The  Hartford's  most
         recent  annual  report  to   shareholders   and  any  other  report  or
         communication  distributed to The Hartford shareholders generally,  may
         be obtained without charge by written or oral request to the Manager of
         Stock  Option  Plan  Administration,   The  Hartford,  Hartford  Plaza,
         Hartford, CT 06115, telephone number: (860) 547-5000.


                                     - 3 -
<PAGE>

                                TABLE OF CONTENTS



General Information......................................................      4
 Hartford Incentive Stock Plan...........................................      5
Administration...........................................................     23
Federal Tax Treatment....................................................     23


                               GENERAL INFORMATION

         The Plan contains a limit on the  aggregate  number of shares which may
be awarded for the duration of the Plan.  The maximum  limit  applicable  to all
share awards for the duration of the Plan (the "Maximum Limit") is eight percent
(8%) of the total outstanding shares of The Hartford Common Stock as of the date
of shareholder approval of the Plan. In addition,  no more than 20% of the total
may be available for awards of restricted stock or performance  shares under the
Plan.  The Plan limits the award of stock  options to any one person in any year
to no more than 1,000,000 shares.

         The  Plan  permits  the  committee  administering  the  Plan  to  award
performance shares and restricted stock, as well as non-qualified  stock options
and  incentive  stock  options,  with  or  without  stock  appreciation  rights.
Reference is made to the text of the Plan herein for a complete  description  of
awards  permitted  under the Plan and the  relevant  provisions  and  conditions
applicable thereto.

         The  prospectus  does not cover  resales of The  Hartford  Common Stock
acquired  pursuant  to the  provisions  of the Plan.  Resales  may be subject to
restrictions  or  limitations  imposed  by the  Securities  Act of 1933  and the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934.

         The  Plan  is not  subject  to any of the  provisions  of the  Employee
Retirement Income Security Act of 1974. Furthermore, Section 401 of the Internal
Revenue Code relating to certain  qualified  pension,  profit-sharing  and stock
bonus plans does not apply to the Plan.

         Plan   participants   receive   information   with   respect  to  their
participation,  including  the date of grant,  the  exercise  price,  the amount
exercisable  and  the  expiration  date,  as  well  as  applicable   information
concerning  whatever  performance  shares or restricted stock may be relevant to
them.

         Set forth below is the text of the Plan.

                                     - 4 -
<PAGE>

                        THE HARTFORD INCENTIVE STOCK PLAN


         1.       PURPOSE

                  The  purpose  of  The  Hartford  Incentive  Stock  Plan  is to
         motivate and reward  superior  performance on the part of Key Employees
         of The Hartford  Financial  Services Group,  Inc. and its  subsidiaries
         ("The  Hartford")  and to thereby  attract and retain Key  Employees of
         superior  ability.  In  addition,  the  Plan  is  intended  to  further
         opportunities  for stock  ownership by such Key Employees and Directors
         (as defined below) in order to increase their  proprietary  interest in
         The  Hartford  and, as a result,  their  interest in the success of the
         Company.  Awards will be made, in the discretion of the  Committee,  to
         Key  Employees  (including  officers  and  directors  who are  also Key
         Employees)  whose  responsibilities  and decisions  directly affect the
         performance of any Participating Company and its subsidiaries, and also
         to Directors.  Such  incentive  awards may consist of stock options and
         stock appreciation rights payable in stock or cash for Key Employees or
         Directors, and performance shares,  restricted stock or any combination
         of the foregoing for Key Employees, as the Committee may determine.

         2.       DEFINITIONS

                  When used herein, the following terms shall have the following
         meanings:

                  "Act" means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

                  "Award" means an award granted to any Key Employee or Director
         in accordance  with the  provisions of the Plan in the form of Options,
         Rights,  Performance  Shares or Restricted Stock, or any combination of
         the foregoing, as applicable.

                  "Award Agreement" means the written agreement  evidencing each
         Award granted under the Plan.

                  "Beneficial   Owner"   means  any  Person  who,   directly  or
         indirectly,  has the  right to vote or  dispose  of or has  "beneficial
         ownership"  (within  the  meaning of Rule  13d-3  under the Act) of any
         securities  of a  company,  including  any such right  pursuant  to any
         agreement,  arrangement or  understanding  (whether or not in writing),
         provided that: (i) a Person shall not be deemed the Beneficial Owner of
         any security as a result of an agreement,  arrangement or understanding
         to vote such  security  (A) arising  solely  from a revocable  proxy or
         consent  given in  response to a public  proxy or consent  solicitation
         made pursuant to, and in accordance  with,  the Act and the  applicable
         rules and regulations thereunder, or (B) made in connection with, or to
         otherwise  participate in, a proxy or consent  solicitation made, or to
         be made, pursuant to, and in accordance with, the applicable provisions
         of the Act and the  applicable  rules and  regulations  thereunder,  in
         either case  described in clause (A) or (B)

                                     - 5 -
<PAGE>

         above,  whether or not such agreement,  arrangement or understanding is
         also then  reportable  by such Person on Schedule 13D under the Act (or
         any  comparable  or  successor  report);  and (ii) a Person  engaged in
         business as an underwriter of securities  shall not be deemed to be the
         Beneficial  Owner  of  any  security  acquired  through  such  Person's
         participation in good faith in a firm commitment underwriting until the
         expiration of forty days after the date of such acquisition.

                  "Beneficiary"   means   the   beneficiary   or   beneficiaries
         designated  pursuant  to  Section  10 to receive  the  amount,  if any,
         payable under the Plan upon the death of an Award Recipient.

                  "Board" means the Board of Directors of the Company.

                  "Change of Control"  means the  occurrence of an event defined
         in Section 9 of the Plan.

                  "Code"  means the  Internal  Revenue  Code of 1986,  as now in
         effect or as hereafter amended.  (All citations to sections of the Code
         are to such  sections  as they  may  from  time to time be  amended  or
         renumbered.)

                  "Committee" means the Compensation and Personnel  Committee of
         the Board or such other  committee as may be designated by the Board to
         administer the Plan.

                  "Company" means The Hartford and its successors and assigns.

                  "Director"  means  a  member  of the  Board  of  The  Hartford
         Financial   Services  Group,  Inc.  who  is  not  an  employee  of  any
         Participating Company.

                  "Eligible   Employee"   means  an   Employee   employed  by  a
         Participating Company;  provided,  however, that except as the Board of
         Directors  or the  Committee,  pursuant to  authority  delegated by the
         Board  of  Directors,  may  otherwise  provide  on  a  basis  uniformly
         applicable to all persons similarly situated, "Eligible Employee" shall
         not include any  "Ineligible  Person,"  which includes (i) a person who
         (A) holds a position with the Company's "HARTEMP" Program, (B) is hired
         to work for a  Participating  Company  through a  temporary  employment
         agency, or (C) is hired to a position with a Participating Company with
         notice on his or her date of hire that the position will terminate on a
         certain  date;  (ii) a person  who is a  leased  employee  (within  the
         meaning of Code Section  414(n)(2))  of a  Participating  Company or is
         otherwise employed by or through a temporary help firm,  technical help
         firm,  staffing firm,  employee leasing firm, or professional  employer
         organization,  regardless  of whether  such  person is an Employee of a
         Participating  Company,  and (iii) a person who performs services for a
         Participating  Company as an independent  contractor or under any other
         non-employee  classification,  or who is classified by a  Participating
         Company  as,  or  determined  by a  Participating  Company  to  be,  an
         independent   contractor,   regardless   of  whether   such  person  is
         characterized or ultimately  determined by the Internal Revenue Service
         or  any  other  Federal,  State  or  local  governmental  authority  or

                                     - 6 -
<PAGE>

         regulatory  body to be an  employee of a  Participating  Company or its
         affiliates for income or wage tax purposes or for any other purpose.

                  Notwithstanding any provision in the Plan to the contrary,  if
         any person is an Ineligible Person, or otherwise does not qualify as an
         Eligible  Employee,  or otherwise is ineligible to  participate  in the
         Plan,  and such  person is later  required  by a court or  governmental
         authority  or  regulatory  body to be  classified  as a  person  who is
         eligible to participate in the Plan,  such person shall not be eligible
         to participate in the Plan, notwithstanding such classification, unless
         and until designated as an Eligible  Employee by the Committee,  and if
         so designated,  the  participation  of such person in the Plan shall be
         prospective only.

                  "Employee"   means  any  person   regularly   employed   by  a
         Participating  Company,  but shall not include any person who  performs
         services for a  Participating  Company as an independent  contractor or
         under any other non-employee classification,  or who is classified by a
         Participating  Company as, or determined by a Participating  Company to
         be, an independent contractor.

                  "Fair  Market  Value",   unless  otherwise  indicated  in  the
         provisions of this Plan,  means, as of any date, the composite  closing
         price for one share of Stock on the New York Stock  Exchange  or, if no
         sales of Stock have taken  place on such date,  the  composite  closing
         price on the most recent date on which selling prices were quoted,  the
         determination to be made in the discretion of the Committee.

                  "Incentive  Stock Option" means a stock option qualified under
         Section 422 of the Code.

                  "Key  Employee"  means an Employee  (including  any officer or
         director who is also an Employee) of any  Participating  Company who is
         an Eligible Employee and whose  responsibilities and decisions,  in the
         judgment  of the  Committee,  directly  affect the  performance  of the
         Company and its subsidiaries.

                  "Option"  means an option  awarded under Section 5 of the Plan
         to purchase  Stock of the  Company,  which  option may be an  Incentive
         Stock Option or a non-qualified stock option.

                  "Participating Company" means the Company or any subsidiary or
         other affiliate of the Company; provided,  however, for Incentive Stock
         Options  only,   "Participating  Company"  means  the  Company  or  any
         corporation  which at the time such  Option is granted  qualifies  as a
         "subsidiary" of the Company under Section 424(f) of the Code.

                  "Performance  Share" means a  performance  share awarded under
         Section 6 of the Plan.

                  "Person"  has the  meaning  ascribed  to such term in  Section
         3(a)(9) of the Act,  as

                                     - 7 -
<PAGE>

         supplemented by Section 13(d)(3) of the Act;  provided,  however,  that
         Person shall not include (i) the Company, any subsidiary of the Company
         or any other  Person  controlled  by the  Company,  (ii) any trustee or
         other fiduciary  holding  securities under any employee benefit plan of
         the Company or of any subsidiary of the Company, or (iii) a corporation
         owned,  directly or indirectly,  by the  stockholders of the Company in
         substantially  the same proportions as their ownership of securities of
         the Company.

                  "Plan" means The Hartford  2000  Incentive  Stock Plan, as the
         same may be amended, administered or interpreted from time to time.

                  "Plan Year" means the calendar year.

                  "Retirement" means, solely with respect to a Key Employee with
         an original hire date with a  Participating  Company  before January 1,
         2002,  eligibility  to receive  immediate  retirement  benefits under a
         Participating Company pension plan.

                  "Restricted  Stock" means Stock awarded under Section 7 of the
         Plan subject to such restrictions as the Committee deems appropriate or
         desirable.

                  "Right" means a stock appreciation right awarded in connection
         with an Option under Section 5 of the Plan.

                  "Stock"  means  the  common  stock  ($.01  par  value)  of The
         Hartford.

                  "Total Disability" means the complete and permanent  inability
         of a Key  Employee to perform all of his or her duties  under the terms
         of his or her employment with any Participating  Company, as determined
         by the Committee upon the basis of such evidence, including independent
         medical  reports  and  data,  as the  Committee  deems  appropriate  or
         necessary.

                  "Transferee"  means any person or entity to whom or to which a
         non-qualified  stock  option  has  been  transferred  and  assigned  in
         accordance with Section 5(h) of the Plan.

         3.       SHARES SUBJECT TO THE PLAN

                  The  aggregate  number of shares of Stock which may be awarded
         under the Plan shall be subject to a maximum  limit  applicable  to all
         Awards for the duration of the Plan (the "Maximum Limit").  The Maximum
         Limit  shall  be eight  percent  (8%) of the  total of the  outstanding
         shares of Stock as of the date of shareholder approval of the Plan.

                  In  addition  to the  foregoing,  in no event  shall more than
         twenty  percent  (20%) of the total  number  of shares on a  cumulative
         basis be available for Restricted  Stock and Performance  Share Awards.
         For any Plan  Year,  no  individual  employee  may  receive an Award of
         Options for more than 1,000,000 shares.

                                     - 8 -
<PAGE>

                  Subject to the above limitations, shares of Stock to be issued
         under the Plan may be made  available  from the authorized but unissued
         shares,  or shares  held by the  Company  in  treasury  or from  shares
         purchased in the open market.

                  For the  purpose of  computing  the total  number of shares of
         Stock  available  for  Awards  under the Plan,  there  shall be counted
         against the foregoing limitations the number of shares of Stock subject
         to issuance  upon  exercise or  settlement  of Awards and the number of
         shares of Stock which equal the value of performance  share Awards,  in
         each case  determined as at the dates on which such Awards are granted.
         If  any  Awards  under  the  Plan  are  forfeited,  terminated,  expire
         unexercised,  are settled in cash in lieu of Stock or are exchanged for
         other  Awards,  the shares of Stock which were  theretofore  subject to
         such Awards shall again be  available  for Awards under the Plan to the
         extent of such forfeiture, termination,  expiration, cash settlement or
         exchange of such Awards. Further, any shares that are exchanged (either
         actually or  constructively) by optionees as full or partial payment to
         the Company of the purchase price of shares being acquired  through the
         exercise of a stock option  granted under the Plan may be available for
         subsequent Awards.

         4.       GRANT OF AWARDS AND AWARD AGREEMENTS

                  (a) Subject to the provisions of the Plan, the Committee shall
         (i) determine  and  designate  from time to time those Key Employees or
         groups of Key  Employees  to whom Awards are to be  granted,  and those
         Directors to whom Options and Rights may be granted; (ii) determine the
         form or  forms  of  Award to be  granted  to any Key  Employee  and any
         Director;  (iii)  determine  the  amount  or  number of shares of Stock
         subject to each Award;  and (iv)  determine the terms and conditions of
         each Award.

                  (b) Each Award  granted under the Plan shall be evidenced by a
         written Award  Agreement.  Such Award Agreement shall be subject to and
         incorporate  the express terms and conditions,  if any,  required under
         the Plan or required by the Committee.

         5.       STOCK OPTIONS AND RIGHTS

                  (a) With respect to Options and Rights,  the  Committee  shall
         (i) authorize the granting of Incentive  Stock  Options,  non-qualified
         stock  options,  or  a  combination  of  Incentive  Stock  Options  and
         non-qualified  stock  options;  (ii)  authorize  the granting of Rights
         which  may be  granted  in  connection  with all or part of any  Option
         granted  under this  Plan,  either  concurrently  with the grant of the
         Option or at any time thereafter  during the term of the Option;  (iii)
         determine  the number of shares of Stock  subject to each Option or the
         number of shares of Stock that shall be used to determine  the value of
         a Right;  and (iv)  determine  the time or times when and the manner in
         which each Option or Right shall be exercisable and the duration of the
         exercise period.

                                     - 9 -
<PAGE>

                  (b) Any option issued  hereunder  which is intended to qualify
         as an Incentive  Stock Option shall be subject to such  limitations  or
         requirements as may be necessary for the purposes of Section 422 of the
         Code or any  regulations  and rulings  thereunder  to the extent and in
         such form as determined by the Committee in its discretion.

                  (c) The exercise period for a  non-qualified  stock option and
         any related Right shall not exceed ten years and two days from the date
         of grant, and the exercise period for an Incentive Stock Option and any
         related Right shall not exceed ten years from the date of grant.

                  (d) The  Option  price per share  shall be  determined  by the
         Committee  at the time any Option is granted and shall be not less than
         the Fair  Market  Value of one share of Stock on the date the Option is
         granted.

                  (e) No part of any Option or Right may be exercised  until the
         Key Employee who has been granted the Award shall have  remained in the
         employ of a  Participating  Company for such  period  after the date of
         grant as the  Committee  may  specify,  if any, and the  Committee  may
         further require exercisability in installments.

                  (f) Except as provided in Section 9, the purchase price of the
         shares as to which an Option  shall be  exercised  shall be paid to the
         Company at the time of exercise  either in cash or Stock  already owned
         by the optionee  having a total Fair Market Value equal to the purchase
         price,  or a  combination  of cash and Stock having a total fair market
         value,  as so determined,  equal to the purchase  price.  The Committee
         shall determine  acceptable methods for tendering Stock as payment upon
         exercise of an Option and may impose such  limitations and prohibitions
         on the use of Stock to exercise an Option as it deems appropriate.

                  (g) In case of a Key Employee's termination of employment, the
         following provisions shall apply:

                           (A) If a Key  Employee who has been granted an Option
         shall die  before  such  Option has  expired,  his or her Option may be
         exercised  in  full by (i)  the  person  or  persons  to  whom  the Key
         Employee's  rights under the Option pass by will,  or if no such person
         has such right, by his or her executors or administrators;  (ii) his or
         her  Transferee(s)  (with respect to non-qualified  stock options);  or
         (iii) his or her Beneficiary  designated pursuant to Section 10, at any
         time, or from time to time, within five years after the date of the Key
         Employee's death or within such other period, and subject to such terms
         and  conditions as the  Committee  may specify,  but not later than the
         expiration date specified in Section 5(c) above.

                           (B)  If  the  Key   Employee's   employment   by  any
         Participating  Company  terminates  (i)  because  of his  or her  Total
         Disability,  or  (ii)  solely  in the  case of a Key  Employee  with an
         original hire date with a Participating Company before January 1, 2002,
         because  of his or  her  voluntary  termination  of  employment  due to
         Retirement;  he or she may  exercise  his or her Options in full at any
         time,  or from time to time,  within  five

                                     - 10 -
<PAGE>

         years after the date of the  termination of his or her  employment,  or
         within such other period,  and subject to such terms and  conditions as
         the  Committee  may  specify,  but not later than the  expiration  date
         specified in Section 5(c) above. Any such Options not fully exercisable
         immediately  prior to such  optionee's  Retirement  shall  become fully
         exercisable  upon such  Retirement  unless the  Committee,  in its sole
         discretion, shall otherwise determine.

                           (C) Except as provided in Section 5(g)(B) and Section
         9, if the Key Employee shall  voluntarily  resign from employment or he
         or she is  terminated  for cause as determined  by the  Committee,  the
         Options or Rights shall be canceled  coincident with the effective date
         of the termination of employment.

                           (D)  Except  as  provided  in  Section  9,  if a  Key
         Employee's  employment  terminates for any other reason,  he or she may
         exercise  his or her  Options,  to the extent that he or she shall have
         been  entitled  to do so at the date of the  termination  of his or her
         employment at any time, or from time to time, within three months after
         the date of the  termination of his or her  employment,  or within such
         other period, and subject to such terms and conditions as the Committee
         may  specify,  but not later  than the  expiration  date  specified  in
         Section 5(c) above.

                  (h) Except as  provided  in this  Section  5(h),  no Option or
         Right granted under the Plan shall be  transferable  other than by will
         or by the laws of descent and distribution.  During the lifetime of the
         optionee,  an  Option  or Right  shall be  exercisable  only by the Key
         Employee or Director, to whom the Option or Right is granted (or his or
         her estate or designated  Beneficiary).  Notwithstanding the foregoing,
         all or a portion of a non-qualified stock option may be transferred and
         assigned by such persons  designated by the Committee,  to such persons
         designated by the Committee,  and upon such terms and conditions as the
         Committee  may from time to time  authorize  and  determine in its sole
         discretion.

                  (i) Except as provided in Section 9, if a  Director's  service
         on the Board terminates for any reason,  including without  limitation,
         termination due to death,  disability or retirement,  such Director may
         exercise  any Option or Right  granted to him or her only to the extent
         determined  by the  Committee  as set  forth in such  Director's  Award
         Agreement and/or any administrative rules or other terms and conditions
         adopted by the Committee from time to time applicable to such Option or
         Right granted to such Director.

                  (j) With respect to an Incentive  Stock Option,  the Committee
         shall specify such terms and  provisions as the Committee may determine
         to be  necessary  or  desirable  in order to qualify  such Option as an
         "incentive stock option" within the meaning of Section 422 of the Code.

                  (k) With  respect  to the  exercisability  and  settlement  of
         Rights:

                           (i) Upon  exercise  of a  Right,  a Key  Employee  or
         Director  shall be entitled,  subject to such terms and  conditions the
         Committee  may  specify,  to receive  upon

                                     - 11 -
<PAGE>

         exercise  thereof all or a portion of the excess of (A) the Fair Market
         Value of a specified number of shares of Stock at the time of exercise,
         as determined by the Committee, over (B) a specified amount which shall
         not,  subject to Section  5(d),  be less than the Fair Market  Value of
         such  specified  number  of  shares  of Stock at the time the  Right is
         granted. Upon exercise of a Right, payment of such excess shall be made
         as the Committee shall specify in cash, the issuance or transfer to the
         Key  Employee or  Director of whole  shares of Stock with a Fair Market
         Value at such time equal to any excess,  or a  combination  of cash and
         shares of Stock with a combined Fair Market Value at such time equal to
         any such excess,  all as determined by the Committee.  The Company will
         not issue a fractional  share of Stock and, if a fractional share would
         otherwise  be  issuable,  the Company  shall pay cash equal to the Fair
         Market Value of the fractional share of Stock at such time.

                           (ii) In the event of the exercise of such Right,  the
         Company's  obligation in respect of any related  Option or such portion
         thereof will be discharged by payment of the Right so exercised.

         6.       PERFORMANCE SHARES

                  (a) Subject to the provisions of the Plan, the Committee shall
         (i) determine  and  designate  from time to time those Key Employees or
         groups of Key Employees to whom Awards of Performance  Shares are to be
         made, (ii) determine the Performance Period (the "Performance  Period")
         and Performance Objectives (the "Performance Objectives") applicable to
         such Awards,  (iii)  determine  the form of settlement of a Performance
         Share and (iv)  generally  determine  the terms and  conditions of each
         such  Award.  At any date,  each  Performance  Share shall have a value
         equal to the  Fair  Market  Value  of a share  of  Stock at such  date;
         provided that the Committee may limit the aggregate amount payable upon
         the  settlement  of any Award.  The  maximum  award for any  individual
         employee in any given year shall be 200,000 Performance Shares.

                  (b) The Committee shall determine a Performance  Period of not
         less than two nor more than five years. Performance Periods may overlap
         and Key  Employees  may  participate  simultaneously  with  respect  to
         Performance  Shares  for  which  different   Performance   Periods  are
         prescribed.

                  (c) The Committee shall  determine the Performance  Objectives
         of Awards of Performance Shares.  Performance  Objectives may vary from
         Key Employee to Key Employee and between  groups of Key  Employees  and
         shall be based upon one or more of the following objective criteria, as
         the Committee deems appropriate,  which may be (i) determined solely by
         reference  to  the  performance  of  the  Company,  any  subsidiary  or
         affiliate  of  the  Company  or  any  division  or  unit  of any of the
         foregoing,  or (ii) based on comparative performance of any one or more
         of the following  relative to other  entities:  (A) earnings per share,
         (B) return on equity,  (C) cash flow, (D) return on total capital,  (E)
         return on assets,  (F) economic  value added,  (G) increase in surplus,
         (H)  reductions  in  operating  expenses,  (I)  increases  in operating
         margins,  (J) earnings before income taxes and depreciation,  (K) total
         shareholder return, (L) return on invested capital, (M) cost reductions

                                     - 12 -
<PAGE>

         and savings,  (N) earnings before  interest,  taxes,  depreciation  and
         amortization ("EBITDA"), (O) pre-tax operating income, (P) productivity
         improvements, or (Q) a Key Employee's attainment of personal objectives
         with respect to any of the foregoing criteria or other criteria such as
         growth   and   profitability,    customer   satisfaction,    leadership
         effectiveness, business development, negotiating transactions and sales
         or  developing  long term  business  goals.  If during  the course of a
         Performance  Period  there shall  occur  significant  events  which the
         Committee  expects  to  have a  substantial  effect  on the  applicable
         Performance  Objectives  during such period,  the  Committee may revise
         such Performance Objectives.

                  (d) At the  beginning of a Performance  Period,  the Committee
         shall  determine  for each Key Employee or group of Key  Employees  the
         number of Performance  Shares or the  percentage of Performance  Shares
         which  shall be paid to the Key  Employee or member of the group of Key
         Employees if the applicable  Performance Objectives are met in whole or
         in part.

                  (e)  If  a  Key   Employee   terminates   service   with   all
         Participating  Companies  during a Performance  Period:  (i) because of
         death, (ii) because of Total Disability,  (iii) solely in the case of a
         Key Employee  with an original hire date with a  Participating  Company
         before January 1, 2002, because of his or her voluntary  termination of
         employment due to Retirement,  or (iv) under other  circumstances where
         the  Committee in its sole  discretion  finds that a waiver would be in
         the best interests of the Company; that Key Employee may, as determined
         by the  Committee,  be  entitled  to  payment  in  settlement  of  such
         Performance  Shares at the end of the Performance Period based upon the
         extent to which the Performance Objectives were satisfied at the end of
         such  period and  prorated  for the portion of the  Performance  Period
         during  which  the  Key  Employee  was  employed  by any  Participating
         Company;  provided,  however,  the Committee may provide for an earlier
         payment in  settlement  of such  Performance  Shares in such amount and
         under such terms and conditions as the Committee  deems  appropriate or
         desirable.  If a Key Employee terminates service with all Participating
         Companies during a Performance  Period for any other reason,  then such
         Key  Employee  shall not be entitled to any Award with  respect to that
         Performance Period unless the Committee shall otherwise determine.

                  (f) Each Award of a  Performance  Share shall be paid in whole
         shares of Stock,  or cash, or a combination of Stock and cash either as
         a lump sum  payment  or in annual  installments,  all as the  Committee
         shall determine,  with payment to commence as soon as practicable after
         the end of the relevant Performance Period.

                                     - 13 -
<PAGE>

         7.       RESTRICTED STOCK

                  (a) Except as provided in Section 9, Restricted Stock shall be
         subject to a restriction  period (after which  restrictions will lapse)
         which shall mean a period  commencing  on the date the Award is granted
         and  ending  on  such  date  as  the  Committee  shall  determine  (the
         "Restriction  Period").  The  Committee  may  provide  for the lapse of
         restrictions in installments  where deemed  appropriate and it may also
         require the  achievement  of  predetermined  performance  objectives in
         order for such  shares to vest.  Except as  otherwise  provided  in the
         Plan, certificates for shares of Restricted Stock shall be delivered to
         a Key Employee as soon as  administratively  practicable  following the
         end of the applicable Restriction Period.

                  (b) Except when the Committee determines otherwise pursuant to
         Section  7(d),  if  a  Key  Employee  terminates  employment  with  all
         Participating  Companies  for any reason  before the  expiration of the
         Restriction  Period,  all shares of  Restricted  Stock still subject to
         restriction  shall  be  forfeited  by the Key  Employee  and  shall  be
         reacquired by the Company.

                  (c) Except as otherwise  provided in this Section 7, no shares
         of  Restricted  Stock  received  by  a  Key  Employee  shall  be  sold,
         exchanged,  transferred, pledged, hypothecated or otherwise disposed of
         during the Restriction Period.

                  (d) In cases of:  (i)  death,  (ii)  Total  Disability,  (iii)
         solely in the case of a Key Employee  with an original hire date with a
         Participating  Company before January 1, 2002, a voluntary  termination
         of  employment  due  to  Retirement,   or  (iv)  in  cases  of  special
         circumstances,  the Committee may, in its sole discretion when it finds
         that a waiver would be in the best  interests of the Company,  elect to
         waive  any or all  remaining  restrictions  with  respect  to such  Key
         Employee's Restricted Stock.

                  (e) The Committee may require, under such terms and conditions
         as it deems  appropriate or desirable,  that the certificates for Stock
         delivered  under  the  Plan may be held in  custody  by a bank or other
         institution, or that the Company may itself hold such shares in custody
         until the  Restriction  Period  expires or until  restrictions  thereon
         otherwise  lapse,  or later as  provided  in  Section  14  hereof.  The
         Committee may require,  as a condition of any Award of Restricted Stock
         that the Key Employee  shall have  delivered a stock power  endorsed in
         blank  relating  to the  Restricted  Stock,  and  shall  require,  as a
         condition of  settlement  of any Award of Stock,  that the Key Employee
         satisfy  applicable tax withholding  obligations as provided in Section
         14 hereof.

                  (f) Nothing in this  Section 7 shall  preclude a Key  Employee
         from  exchanging  any  shares  of  Restricted   Stock  subject  to  the
         restrictions  contained  herein for any other  shares of Stock that are
         similarly restricted.

                                     - 14 -
<PAGE>



                  (g) Subject to Section  7(e) and Section 8, each Key  Employee
         entitled to receive  Restricted  Stock under the Plan shall be issued a
         certificate  for  the  shares  of  Stock.  Such  certificate  shall  be
         registered  in  the  name  of the  Key  Employee,  and  shall  bear  an
         appropriate legend reciting the terms, conditions and restrictions,  if
         any,  applicable  to such  Award and shall be  subject  to  appropriate
         stop-transfer orders.

         8.       CERTIFICATES FOR AWARDS OF STOCK

                  (a) The Company  shall not be required to issue or deliver any
         certificates  for  shares  of Stock  prior to (i) the  listing  of such
         shares on any  stock  exchange  on which the Stock may then be  listed,
         (ii) the completion of any registration or qualification of such shares
         under any  federal or state law,  or any  ruling or  regulation  of any
         government  body  which  the  Company  shall,  in its sole  discretion,
         determine to be necessary or advisable,  and (iii) the  satisfaction of
         any tax withholding obligations as provided in Section 14 hereof.

                  (b) All  certificates  for shares of Stock delivered under the
         Plan  shall  also be  subject  to such  stop-transfer  orders and other
         restrictions  as the  Committee  may deem  advisable  under the  rules,
         regulations,  and other  requirements  of the  Securities  and Exchange
         Commission,  any stock exchange upon which the Stock is then listed and
         any applicable  federal or state securities laws, and the Committee may
         cause a legend or legends to be placed on any such certificates to make
         appropriate   reference   to  such   restrictions.   In   making   such
         determination,  the  Committee  may rely upon an opinion of counsel for
         the Company.

                  (c) Except for the  restrictions  on  Restricted  Stock  under
         Section 7, each Key  Employee who receives  Stock in  settlement  of an
         Award of Stock,  shall  have all of the  rights of a  shareholder  with
         respect  to such  shares,  including  the right to vote the  shares and
         receive dividends and other  distributions.  No Key Employee awarded an
         Option, a Right or Performance Share, and no Director awarded an Option
         or Right,  shall have any right as a  shareholder  with  respect to any
         shares covered by his or her Option,  Right or Performance  Share prior
         to the date of issuance to him or her of a certificate or  certificates
         for such shares.

         9.       CHANGE OF CONTROL

                  (a) For purposes of this Plan, a Change of Control shall occur
         if:

                           (i) a report on Schedule  13D shall be filed with the
         Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Section 13(d) of the Act
         disclosing  that any Person,  other than the Company or a subsidiary of
         the Company or any employee  benefit plan sponsored by the Company or a
         subsidiary of the Company is the Beneficial  Owner of twenty percent or
         more of the  outstanding  stock of the Company  entitled to vote in the
         election of directors of the Company;

                                     - 15 -
<PAGE>

                           (ii)  any  Person   other  than  the   Company  or  a
         subsidiary of the Company or any employee benefit plan sponsored by the
         Company or a subsidiary of the Company shall purchase  shares  pursuant
         to a tender offer or exchange offer to acquire any stock of the Company
         (or  securities  convertible  into stock) for cash,  securities  or any
         other consideration, provided that after consummation of the offer, the
         Person in question is the Beneficial  Owner of fifteen  percent or more
         of the  outstanding  stock  of the  Company  entitled  to  vote  in the
         election  of  directors  of the  Company  (calculated  as  provided  in
         paragraph  (d) of Rule  13d-3  under  the Act in the case of  rights to
         acquire stock);

                           (iii) the  stockholders  of the Company shall approve
         (A) any  consolidation  or  merger  in  which  the  Company  is not the
         continuing  or  surviving  corporation  or pursuant to which  shares of
         stock of the Company  entitled to vote in the  election of directors of
         the Company would be converted into cash, securities or other property,
         other than a consolidation or merger of the Company in which holders of
         such stock of the Company  immediately  prior to the  consolidation  or
         merger have the same  proportionate  ownership  of common  stock of the
         surviving  corporation  entitled to vote in the  election of  directors
         immediately after the consolidation or merger as immediately before, or
         (B) any sale, lease,  exchange or other transfer (in one transaction or
         a series  of  related  transactions)  of all or  substantially  all the
         assets of the Company; or

                           (iv) within any 12 month period, the persons who were
         directors  of the  Company  immediately  before the  beginning  of such
         period (the  "Incumbent  Directors")  shall cease (for any reason other
         than death) to constitute at least a majority of the Board or the board
         of  directors  of any  successor  to the  Company,  provided  that  any
         director  who was not a director at the  beginning of such period shall
         be deemed to be an Incumbent  Director if such director (A) was elected
         to the Board by, or on the  recommendation  of or with the approval of,
         at least  two-thirds of the  directors who then  qualified as Incumbent
         Directors  either  actually or by prior  operation of this clause (iv),
         and  (B)  was not  designated  by a  Person  who  has  entered  into an
         agreement  with the Company to effect a  transaction  described  in the
         immediately preceding paragraph (iii).

                  (b)  Notwithstanding  any  provisions  in  this  Plan  to  the
         contrary, upon the occurrence of a Change of Control:

                           (i) Each Option and related Right  outstanding on the
         date such Change of Control occurs,  and which is not then fully vested
         and exercisable,  shall immediately vest and become  exercisable to the
         full extent of the original grant for the remainder of its term.

                           (ii) The surviving or resulting  corporation  may, in
         its  discretion,  provide for the  assumption  or  replacement  of each
         outstanding  Option and related  Right  granted under the Plan on terms
         which are no less  favorable to the optionee  than those  applicable to
         the Options and Rights  immediately prior to the Change of Control.  If
         the surviving or resulting  corporation offers to assume or replace the
         Options and Rights,  the  optionee may elect to have his or her Options
         and Rights assumed or replaced, in whole or in part, or to

                                     - 16 -
<PAGE>

         surrender  on the date the Change of Control  occurs his or her Options
         and  Rights,  in whole or in part,  for cash equal to the excess of the
         Formula  Price as defined in Section  9(b)(v)  hereof over the exercise
         price.

                           (iii) In the event the  successor  corporation  does
         not offer to assume or replace  the  outstanding  Options and Rights as
         described  in Section  9(b)(ii)  hereof,  each Option and Right will be
         exercised  on the date such Change of Control  occurs for cash equal to
         the excess of the Formula  Price as defined in Section  9(b)(v)  hereof
         over the exercise price.

                           (iv) If an employee elects to have his or her Options
         and Rights  assumed or replaced in  accordance  with clause (ii) above,
         and within the three (3) year period  following  the date of the Change
         of Control either of the following  occurs:  (A) the employment of such
         employee is  involuntarily  terminated  other than in a Termination For
         Just  Cause  (as  defined  below),  or (B)  such  employee  voluntarily
         terminates  employment  in a  Termination  For Good  Reason (as defined
         below);  then such  employee's  assumed or replaced  Options and Rights
         shall remain exercisable in whole or in part for seven (7) months after
         the date of such  termination  (or until the  expiration  date for such
         Options and Rights,  if earlier).  Such assumed or replaced Options and
         Rights may be exercised  for cash equal to the higher of (1) the excess
                                                        ------
         of the Fair Market Value of the successor corporation's common stock on
         the date of such  termination  over the exercise price for such Options
         and Rights,  or (2) the excess of the Formula Price (as defined  below)
         of the Company's Stock on the date the Change of Control  occurred over
         the exercise price for such Options and Rights.

                           (v)  The  following   definitions   shall  apply  for
         purposes of this Section 9 only:
                                    ----

                  "Base  Salary"  means the amount an  employee  is  entitled to
                  receive as wages or salary on an annualized  basis,  excluding
                  all bonus,  overtime, and incentive  compensation,  payable by
                  the Company or the successor corporation,  as the case may be,
                  as consideration  for the employee's  services,  and including
                  earned but deferred wages or salary.

                  "Formula Price" means the highest of (A) the highest composite
                                            -------
                  daily closing  price of the Stock during the period  beginning
                  on the 60th  calendar  day prior to the Change of Control  and
                  ending on the date of such Change of Control,  (B) the highest
                  gross price paid for the Stock during the same period of time,
                  as  reported  in a  report  on  Schedule  13D  filed  with the
                  Securities and Exchange  Commission,  or (C) the highest gross
                  price paid or to be paid for a share of Stock  (whether by way
                  of exchange, conversion, distribution upon merger, liquidation
                  or  otherwise)  in any of the  transactions  set forth in this
                  Section as constituting a Change of Control;  provided that in
                  the case of the  exercise  of any  such  Right  related  to an
                  Incentive  Stock Option,  "Formula  Price" shall mean the Fair
                  Market Value of the Stock at the time of such exercise.

                                     - 17 -
<PAGE>

                  "Required  Base Salary" means with respect to any employee the
                  higher  of  (a)  the  employee's  Base  Salary  as  in  effect
                  immediately  prior  to the  Change  of  Control,  or  (b)  the
                  employee's   highest   Base  Salary  in  effect  at  any  time
                  thereafter.

                  "Target   Bonus"   means  the  annual  bonus  of  an  employee
                  determined  as a percentage of annual Base Salary based on the
                  annual target bonus  percentage  established  for the employee
                  under the  Executive  Bonus Program or the  Performance  Share
                  Program (or any other  similar or  successor  plan,  policy or
                  program)  for a calendar  year,  or if no annual  target bonus
                  percentage has been  established  under the  applicable  bonus
                  plan,  policy or program,  based on the highest  actual  bonus
                  percentage  awarded to the employee under the applicable bonus
                  plan,  policy  or  program  during  the three  preceding  full
                  calendar years.

                  "Termination For Good Reason" means a voluntary termination of
                  employment by an employee  because of the occurrence of any of
                  the  following (A) a reduction in the  employee's  Base Salary
                  below  the  Required  Base  Salary;  (B) a  greater  than  10%
                  reduction  in the level of the Total  Compensation  offered to
                  the employee in comparison to the Total  Compensation  enjoyed
                  by the employee immediately prior to the Change of Control; or
                  (C) the  successor  corporation  requiring  the employee to be
                  based at any  office or  location  more than 50 miles from the
                  location  at which he or she  performed  services  immediately
                  prior to the Change of Control,  except for travel  reasonably
                  required   in   the   performance   of  the   employee's   job
                  responsibilities.   "Termination   For  Just  Cause"  means  a
                  termination of employment based on fraud,  misappropriation or
                  embezzlement  on the part of the employee  which  results in a
                  final conviction of a felony.

                  "Total Compensation" means the aggregate of an employee's Base
                  Salary, Target Bonus, and the value of any long-term incentive
                  compensation  award  (including  any option award) made to the
                  employee  under  this  Plan or the 1997  Hartford  Life,  Inc.
                  Incentive  Stock  Plan  (or  any  successor  plan,  policy  or
                  program),  such  value to be  determined  as of the date  such
                  award was made.

                           (vi)  The   restrictions   applicable  to  shares  of
         Restricted  Stock  held by Key  Employees  pursuant  to Section 7 shall
         lapse  upon  the  occurrence  of a  Change  of  Control,  and  such Key
         Employees  shall  be  entitled  to  elect,  at any time  during  the 60
         calendar days following such Change of Control,  to receive immediately
         after  the date the Key  Employee  makes  such  election  either of the
         following: (A) unrestricted certificates for all of such shares, or (B)
         a lump sum cash amount equal to the number of such shares multiplied by
         the Formula Price.  If a Key Employee does not make any election during
         the foregoing 60 day period,  such Key Employee shall be deemed to have
         made the election  described in Section  9(b)(vi)(A) as of the 60th day
         of such period,  and unrestricted  certificates shall be issued to such
         Key  Employee  immediately  following  such day as described in Section
         9(b)(vi)(A)

                                     - 18 -
<PAGE>

         hereof.

                           (vii) If a Change of Control occurs during the course
         of a Performance  Period  applicable to an Award of Performance  Shares
         pursuant  to  Section  6, then a Key  Employee  shall be deemed to have
         satisfied  the  Performance  Objectives  effective  on the date of such
         occurrence.  Such Key Employee shall be paid, immediately following the
         occurrence  of such Change of Control,  a lump sum cash amount equal to
         the  number  of  outstanding  Performance  Shares  awarded  to such Key
         Employee multiplied by the Formula Price.

                  (c) In  the  event  of a  Change  of  Control,  no  amendment,
         suspension or termination of the Plan thereafter shall impair or reduce
         the rights of any person with respect to any Award made under the Plan.

         10.      BENEFICIARY

                  (a) Each Key Employee,  Director  and/or his or her Transferee
         may file with the Company a written  designation of one or more persons
         as the  Beneficiary who shall be entitled to receive the Award, if any,
         payable under the Plan upon his or her death. A Key Employee,  Director
         or  Transferee  may  from  time to time  revoke  or  change  his or her
         Beneficiary designation without the consent of any prior Beneficiary by
         filing a new designation  with the Company.  The last such  designation
         received by the Company shall be controlling;  provided,  however, that
         no  designation,  or change or revocation  thereof,  shall be effective
         unless received by the Company prior to the Key Employee's,  Director's
         or Transferee's  death, as the case may be, and in no event shall it be
         effective as of a date prior to such receipt.

                  (b) If no such  Beneficiary  designation  is in  effect at the
         time of a Key Employee's, Director's or Transferee's death, as the case
         may be, or if no  designated  Beneficiary  survives  the Key  Employee,
         Director or Transferee or if such  designation  conflicts with law, the
         Key Employee's,  Director's or Transferee's estate, as the case may be,
         shall be entitled to receive the Award, if any,  payable under the Plan
         upon his or her death.  If the Committee is in doubt as to the right of
         any person to receive  such  Award,  the Company may retain such Award,
         without  liability  for  any  interest  thereon,  until  the  Committee
         determines the rights  thereto,  or the Company may pay such Award into
         any  court of  appropriate  jurisdiction  and such  payment  shall be a
         complete discharge of the liability of the Company therefor.

         11.      ADMINISTRATION OF THE PLAN

                  (a) Each member of the Committee shall be both a member of the
         Board and both a  "non-employee  director"  within the  meaning of Rule
         16b-3 under the Act or  successor  rule or  regulation  and an "outside
         director" for purposes of Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code.

                  (b) All decisions,  determinations or actions of the Committee
         made or taken

                                     - 19 -
<PAGE>

         pursuant to grants of  authority  under the Plan shall be made or taken
         in the sole discretion of the Committee and shall be final,  conclusive
         and binding on all persons for all purposes.

                  (c) The  Committee  shall  have  full  power,  discretion  and
         authority to interpret,  construe and  administer the Plan and any part
         thereof, and its interpretations and constructions  thereof and actions
         taken thereunder shall be, except as otherwise determined by the Board,
         final, conclusive and binding on all persons for all purposes.

                  (d) The  Committee's  decisions and  determinations  under the
         Plan  need  not be  uniform  and  may be  made  selectively  among  Key
         Employees, whether or not such Key Employees are similarly situated.

                  (e) The Committee may, in its sole  discretion,  delegate such
         of its powers as it deems appropriate to the chief executive officer or
         other  members of senior  management,  except that Awards to  executive
         officers  shall  be  made  solely  by the  Committee  or the  Board  of
         Directors.

                  (f)  If a  Change  of  Control  has  not  occurred  and if the
         Committee  determines  that a Key Employee has taken action inimical to
         the best interests of any Participating  Company, the Committee may, in
         its sole discretion,  terminate in whole or in part such portion of any
         Option (including any related Right) as has not yet become  exercisable
         at the time of termination,  terminate any Performance  Share Award for
         which the  Performance  Period has not been  completed or terminate any
         Award of  Restricted  Stock for which the  Restriction  Period  has not
         lapsed.

         12.      AMENDMENT, EXTENSION OR TERMINATION

                  The Board may, at any time,  amend or terminate  the Plan and,
         specifically,  may  make  such  modifications  to the  Plan as it deems
         necessary to avoid the  application  of Section  162(m) of the Code and
         the Treasury  regulations issued thereunder.  However, (1) with respect
         only to Incentive Stock Options,  no amendment shall,  without approval
         by a majority  of the  Company's  stockholders,  (a) alter the group of
         persons  eligible to participate in the Plan, or (b) except as provided
         in Section 13 increase the maximum  number of shares of Stock which are
         available  for  Awards  under the Plan;  or,  (2) with  respect  to all
         Options,  allow the  Committee to reprice the  Options.  If a Change of
         Control has  occurred,  no  amendment or  termination  shall impair the
         rights of any person with respect to a prior Award.

         13.      ADJUSTMENTS IN EVENT OF CHANGE IN COMMON STOCK

                  In the event of any reorganization,  merger, recapitalization,
         consolidation,    liquidation,    stock    dividend,    stock    split,
         reclassification,  combination of shares, rights offering,  split-up or
         extraordinary  dividend  (including a spin-off) or divestiture,  or any
         other change in the  corporate  structure or shares,  the Committee may
         make such  adjustment in the Stock subject to Awards,  including  Stock
         subject  to  purchase  by  an  Option,  or  the  terms,

                                     - 20 -
<PAGE>

         conditions  or  restrictions  on Stock or Awards,  including  the price
         payable  upon the  exercise  of such  Option  and the  number of shares
         subject to restricted stock awards, as the Committee deems equitable.

         14.      MISCELLANEOUS

                  (a) Except as provided  in Section 9,  nothing in this Plan or
         any Award granted hereunder shall confer upon any employee any right to
         continue in the employ of any Participating Company or interfere in any
         way with the right of any Participating Company to terminate his or her
         employment at any time. No Award payable under the Plan shall be deemed
         salary or compensation for the purpose of computing  benefits under any
         employee benefit plan or other arrangement of any Participating Company
         for the benefit of its  employees  unless the Company  shall  determine
         otherwise. No Key Employee shall have any claim to an Award until it is
         actually granted under the Plan. To the extent that any person acquires
         a right to receive  payments  from the  Company  under this Plan,  such
         right  shall be no  greater  than the  right  of an  unsecured  general
         creditor of the  Company.  All payments to be made  hereunder  shall be
         paid from the  general  funds of the Company and no special or separate
         fund shall be established and no segregation of assets shall be made to
         assure  payment of such amounts except as provided in Section 7(e) with
         respect to Restricted Stock.

                  (b) The  Committee or the Group Senior Vice  President,  Human
         Resources (or other person holding a similar  position)  shall have the
         right  to make  such  provisions  as  deemed  appropriate  in its  sole
         discretion  to  satisfy  any  obligation  of the  Company  to  withhold
         federal, state or local income or other taxes incurred by reason of the
         operation  of the Plan or an Award  under the Plan,  including  but not
         limited to at any time (i)  requiring a Key Employee to submit  payment
         to the Company for such taxes before making  settlement of any Award of
         Stock or other amount due under the Plan, (ii)  withholding  such taxes
         from  wages or other  amounts  due to the Key  Employee  before  making
         settlement  of any Award of Stock or other  amount  due under the Plan,
         (iii) making settlement of any Award of Stock or other amount due under
         the Plan part in Stock and part in cash to facilitate  satisfaction  of
         such withholding obligations,  or (iv) receiving Stock already owned by
         the Key Employee or withholding Stock otherwise due to the Key Employee
         in  an  amount   determined   necessary  to  satisfy  such  withholding
         obligations.

                  (c) The Plan and the grant of Awards  shall be  subject to all
         applicable  federal and state laws,  rules, and regulations and to such
         approvals by any government or regulatory agency as may be required.

                  (d) The terms of the Plan  shall be binding  upon the  Company
         and its successors and assigns.

                  (e) Captions preceding the sections hereof are inserted solely
         as a matter of  convenience  and in no way define or limit the scope or
         intent of any provision hereof.

                                     - 21 -
<PAGE>


         15.      EFFECTIVE DATE, TERM OF PLAN AND SHAREHOLDER APPROVAL

                  The effective date of the Plan shall be May 18, 2000. No Award
         shall be granted under this Plan after the Plan's termination date. The
         Plan's  termination  date shall be the earlier of: (a) May 18, 2010, or
         (b) the date on which the Maximum Limit is reached; provided,  however,
         that the Plan will  continue in effect for  existing  Awards as long as
         any such Award is outstanding.

                                     - 22 -
<PAGE>

                                 ADMINISTRATION

             The Plan is administered by a Committee of the Board of
         Directors of The Hartford, presently designated as the Compensation and
         Personnel Committee,  the members of which serve at the pleasure of the
         Board.  The  Committee  is  composed  of  directors  none of whom is an
         officer or employee of The Hartford.

                              FEDERAL TAX TREATMENT

                  The following is a brief summary of the current Federal income
         tax rules generally applicable to options, SARs, performance shares and
         restricted stock.  Awardees should consult their own tax advisors as to
         the specific  Federal,  state and local tax consequences  applicable to
         them.

                    A. OPTIONS AND STOCK APPRECIATION RIGHTS

                  Options  granted  under the Plan may be  either  non-qualified
         options or "incentive  stock options"  qualifying under Section 422A of
         the Internal Revenue Code.

         Non-qualified Options

                  An optionee is not subject to Federal income tax upon grant of
         a  non-qualified  option.  At the time of exercise,  the optionee  will
         realize compensation income (subject to withholding) to the extent that
         the then fair market value of the stock exceeds the option  price.  The
         amount of such income will constitute an addition to the optionee's tax
         basis in the optioned stock.  Sale of the shares will result in capital
         gain or loss  (long-term  or  short-term  depending  on the  optionee's
         holding period). The Hartford is entitled to a Federal tax deduction at
         the same  time  and to the  same  extent  that  the  optionee  realizes
         compensation income.

                                     - 23 -
<PAGE>

         Incentive Stock Options ("ISOs")

                  Options  under the Plan  denominated  as ISOs are  intended to
         constitute  incentive  stock options under Section 422A of the Internal
         Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. An optionee is not subject to Federal
         income tax upon either the grant or exercise of an ISO. If the optionee
         holds the shares  acquired  upon  exercise  for at least one year after
         issuance  of the  optioned  shares  and until at least two years  after
         grant of the option, then the difference between the amount realized on
         a subsequent  sale or other taxable  disposition  of the shares and the
         option price will constitute  long-term capital gain or loss. To obtain
         favorable tax treatment,  an ISO must be exercised  within three months
         after termination of employment (other than by retirement,  disability,
         or death) with The Hartford or a 50%  subsidiary.  To obtain  favorable
         tax  treatment,  an ISO  must  be  exercised  within  three  months  of
         retirement or within one year of cessation of employment for disability
         (with no limitation in the case of death),  notwithstanding  any longer
         exercise  period  permitted  under the terms of the Plan.  The Hartford
         will not be  entitled to a Federal tax  deduction  with  respect to the
         grant or exercise of the ISO.

                  If the optionee sells the shares  acquired under an ISO before
         the requisite  holding period,  he or she will be deemed to have made a
         "disqualifying disposition" of the shares and will realize compensation
         income  in the  year of  disposition  equal to the  lesser  of the fair
         market value of the shares at exercise or the amount  realized on their
         disposition  over the  option  price of the  shares.  (However,  if the
         disposition is by gift or by sale to a related party,  the compensation
         income must be measured by the value of the shares at exercise over the
         option price.) Any gain recognized upon a disqualifying  disposition in
         excess of the ordinary income portion will constitute either short-term
         or long-term capital gain. In the event of a disqualifying disposition,
         The Hartford  will be entitled to a Federal tax deduction in the amount
         of the compensation income realized by the optionee.

                  The option  spread on the exercise of an ISO is an  adjustment
         in computing  alternative  minimum  taxable  income.  No  adjustment is
         required,  however, if the optionee made a disqualifying disposition of
         the shares in the same year as he or she is taxed on the exercise.

         Stock Appreciation Rights ("SARs")

                  SARs may have been  awarded to officers  and  directors of The
         Hartford  subject to Section 16(b) of the Act with respect to both ISOs
         and  non-qualified  options  granted under the Plan. An optionee is not
         taxed upon the grant of SARs. An optionee exercising SARs for cash will
         realize  compensation  income (subject to withholding) in the amount of
         the cash  received.  The Hartford is entitled to a tax deduction at the
         same  time  and  to  the  same  extent  that  the   optionee   realizes
         compensation income.

                                     - 24 -
<PAGE>

                              B. PERFORMANCE SHARES

                  An  awardee  of  Performance  Shares  will  generally  realize
         compensation  income  (subject to  withholding)  when and to the extent
         that  payment  is made,  whether  in the form of cash or  shares of The
         Hartford  Stock.  To the  extent  that  payment  is made in the form of
         Stock,  income  shall be measured by the then fair market  value of the
         shares,  which shall  constitute an addition to the awardee's tax basis
         in  such  shares.  The  Hartford  will be  entitled  to a  Federal  tax
         deduction for the value of payment at the time of payment.

                               C. RESTRICTED STOCK

                  An  awardee  of  Restricted   Stock  will  generally   realize
         compensation  income  (subject to  withholding)  when and to the extent
         that the  restrictions on the shares lapse, as measured by the value of
         the shares at the time of lapse.  The awardee's  holding period for the
         shares will not commence  until the date of lapse,  and dividends  paid
         during the  restriction  period  will be treated as  compensation.  The
         income  realized  on  lapse  of the  restrictions  will  constitute  an
         addition to the awardee's tax basis in the shares.

                  In lieu of  deferred  recognition  of income,  the awardee may
         formally elect, within 30 days of award, to realize compensation income
         at the time of award, as measured by the fair market value of the stock
         on the date of award determined without regard to the restrictions. The
         income  realized  will  constitute  an addition to the tax basis of the
         shares.   In  the  case  of  such  election,   any   appreciation   (or
         depreciation)  on the shares  during the  restriction  period will give
         rise to capital gain (or capital  loss).  In the event that the awardee
         terminates employment during the restriction period and forfeits his or
         her shares,  no deduction may be claimed and the taxes paid on award of
         the shares shall be forfeited.

                  The  Hartford  will be entitled to a Federal tax  deduction at
         the  same  time  and to the  same  extent  that  the  awardee  realizes
         compensation  income.  However,  if an  awardee  makes an  election  to
         realize  compensation  income at the time of the award and subsequently
         forfeits the shares of Restricted  Stock,  The Hartford must include as
         ordinary income the amount it previously  deducted in the year of grant
         with respect to such shares.

                        D. GOLDEN PARACHUTE TAX PENALTIES

                  Options,  SARs,  Performance  Shares or Restricted Stock which
         are granted,  accelerated or enhanced upon the occurrence of a takeover
         (i.e.,  a Change of  Control  as  defined in Section 9 of the Plan) may
         give rise, in whole or in part, to "excess  parachute  payments" within
         the meaning of Section 280G of the  Internal  Revenue Code and, to such
         extent,  will be  nondeductible  by The  Hartford  and subject to a 20%
         excise tax to the awardee.

                                     - 25 -
<PAGE>

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
