<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>d04268exv10w3.txt
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDMENT NUMBER TWO TO THE PENSION PLAN
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                    EXHIBIT 10.3

                           AMENDMENT NUMBER TWO TO THE
                PENSION PLAN OF REMINGTON OIL AND GAS CORPORATION

         WHEREAS, Remington Oil and Gas Corporation (the "Corporation"), adopted
the Pension Plan of Remington Oil and Gas Corporation, as amended and restated
(the "Plan"), generally effective as of January 1, 2000 and amended the Plan by
Amendment Number One to comply with the Economic Growth and Tax Relief
Reconciliation Act of 2001; and

         WHEREAS, the Plan and Amendment Number One were subsequently submitted
to the Internal Revenue Service for a determination that the Plan continued to
meet the qualification requirements of Section 401(a) et seq. of the Internal
Revenue Code; and

         WHEREAS, as a condition to the issuance of a favorable determination,
the IRS has required that certain amendments be made to the Plan;

         NOW, THEREFORE, the Plan shall be, and hereby is, amended as follows,
effective for Plan Years beginning after December 31, 2001:

         1. Section 2.01(j) is hereby amended as follows, effective for Plan
Years ending December 31, 2001, and with respect to Participants who complete at
least one Hour of Service in a Plan Year beginning after that date.:

                  (j) Compensation. The sum of (1) the total cash remuneration
         paid by the Employer to an Employee for a calendar year as reported on
         the Employee's federal income tax withholding statement (Form W-2 or
         its subsequent equivalent), (2) any pre-tax contributions made by an
         Employer to a cash or deferred arrangement qualifying under Section
         401(k) of the Code on behalf of the Employee, (3) any salary reduction
         amounts elected by the Employee for the purchase of benefits pursuant
         to a cafeteria plan (within the meaning of Section 125(d) of the Code),
         and (4) for Plan Years beginning after December 31, 2001, any salary
         reduction amounts elected by the Participant for the purchase of
         qualified transportation fringe benefits under Section 132(f)(4) of the
         Code; provided, however, for purposes of determining Average Monthly
         Compensation, 1981 shall be deemed a completed calendar year and such
         Compensation shall be adjusted to represent remuneration for a full
         calendar year. Any remuneration paid to an Employee by an adopting
         employer of the Plan during the time that the Plan was sponsored by CKB
         & Associates, Inc. shall be included in the calculation of


                                       1
<PAGE>


         Compensation for purposes of the Plan to the same extent as before
         April 16, 1992.

                  The Compensation of each Participant taken into account under
         the Plan for any Plan Year beginning on or after January 1, 1989 and
         before January 1, 1994, shall not exceed $200,000, as adjusted by the
         Secretary pursuant to Section 401(a)(17) of the Code, provided that
         this provision shall not cause a Participant's Accrued Benefit on or
         after January 1, 1989, to be less than the Participant's Accrued
         Benefit as of December 31, 1988. For any Plan Year beginning on or
         after January 1, 1994, Compensation shall not exceed $150,000, as
         adjusted by the Secretary pursuant to Section 401(a)(17)(B) of the
         Code, provided that this provision shall not cause a Participant's
         Accrued Benefit on or after January 1, 1994, to be less than the
         Participant's Accrued Benefit as of December 31, 1993.

                  The Compensation of each Participant taken into account under
         the Plan for any Plan Year beginning after December 31, 2001, shall not
         exceed $200,000, as adjusted for cost-of-living increases in accordance
         with Section 401(a)(17)(B) of the Code. The cost-of-living adjustment
         in effect for a calendar year applies to Compensation for the Plan Year
         that begins with or within such calendar year. In determining benefit
         accruals in Plan Years beginning after December 31, 2001, the foregoing
         Compensation limit for determination periods beginning before January
         1, 2002, shall be $200,000 for those Participants who terminate service
         after January 1, 2002, but shall be determined under the Plan without
         regard to this paragraph for those Participants who terminate before
         such date, without regard to whether such Participants may subsequently
         be reemployed.


         2. Paragraph (a) of Section 11.01 (pertaining to restrictions on
distributions to restricted employees) is hereby amended as follows:

              (a) In the event that the Plan terminates, the benefit of any
              highly compensated employee shall be limited to a benefit that is
              nondiscriminatory under Section 401(a)(4) of the Code. For
              purposes of this Section, the term highly compensated employee
              shall mean any Employee who, (i) during the Plan Year of
              determination or the immediately preceding Plan Year, was at any
              time a five percent (5%) owner (as defined in Code Section
              416(i)(1)); or (ii) for the preceding Plan Year the Employee or
              former Employee received compensation from the Employer in excess
              of $80,000, adjusted in accordance with Internal Revenue Service
              regulations and other guidance. In addition, for purposes of this
              Section, former Employees shall be treated as highly compensated
              employees if such an Employee was a highly compensated employee
              upon termination of employment with the Employer or such an
              Employee was a highly compensated employee at any time after
              attaining age fifty-five (55). For purposes of this paragraph, the
              term "compensation" shall have the same meaning as in Section
              11.03(e)(v) of the Plan.



                                       2
<PAGE>


         3. Paragraph (e) of Section 17.02 is hereby amended as follows,
effective for determining whether the Plan is a top-heavy plan under section
416(g) of the Code for Plan Years beginning after December 31, 2001, and whether
the Plan satisfies the minimum benefits requirements of section 416(c) of the
Code for such years.

                  (e) Key Employee - each Participant (whether or not then
         employed) who at any time during the plan year that includes the
         determination date was an officer of the employer having annual
         compensation greater than $130,000 (as adjusted under section 416(i)(1)
         of the Code for plan years beginning after December 31, 2002), a
         5-percent owner of the employer, or a 1-percent owner of the employer
         having annual compensation of more than $150,000; provided, however,
         that no more than fifty (50) employees (or, if lesser, the greater of
         three of all the Aggregated Employers' employees or ten percent of all
         the Aggregated Employers' employees) shall be treated as officers. For
         the purposes of determining ownership percentages, each corporation,
         partnership and proprietorship otherwise required to be aggregated
         shall be viewed as a separate entity. For purposes of subparagraph (ii)
         above, if two employees have the same interest in any of the Aggregated
         Employers, the employee having the greatest annual total compensation
         from that Aggregated Employer shall be treated as having a larger
         interest. The term "Key Employee" shall include the beneficiaries of a
         deceased Key Employee. For purposes of this Section, Compensation shall
         mean Compensation as defined in Section 2.01(j).


         4. Paragraph (d) of Section 17.04 is hereby amended as follows:

                  (d) For any plan Year that the Plan is determined to be a Top
         Heavy Plan, the accrued benefit for each Participant who is not a Key
         Employee shall not he less than one-twelfth (1/12th) of the applicable
         percentage of the Participant's average compensation for years in the
         testing period. For purposes of this paragraph, the compensation
         considered in determining the Participant's average compensation shall
         be "Compensation" as defined in Section 2.01(j) of the Plan for each of
         the years included. The term "applicable percentage" means the lesser
         of: (1) two percent (2%) multiplied by the number of years of Vesting
         Service with the Employer, or (2) twenty percent (20%). A Participant's
         years of service with the Employer shall be equal to the Participant's
         Vesting Service except that a year of Vesting Service shall not be
         taken into account if:

                  (i)      the Plan was not a Top Heavy Plan for any Plan Year
                           ending during such year of Vesting Service,

                  (ii)     such year of Vesting Service was completed in a Plan
                           Year beginning before January l, 1984, or


                                       3
<PAGE>


                  (iii)    such service occurs during a Plan Year when the Plan
                           benefits (within the meaning of section 410(b) of the
                           Code) no Key Employee or former Key Employee.

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Amendment to be
executed this 18th day of November, 2002.

                                        REMINGTON OIL AND GAS CORPORATION


                                        By: /s/ J. A. Watt
                                            ------------------------------------
                                        Title: President & CEO
                                               ---------------------------------



                                       4

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
