<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>employmentagreement.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.4.1(B) EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
BOK FINANCIAL CORPORATION
Exhibit 10.4.1(a)

                              EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

     This Employment Agreement ("Agreement") is made, effective this 17th day of
November,  1997 among Bank of Oklahoma,  National  Association (the "Bank"), BOK
Financial  Corporation  ("BOKF"),  and V. Burns Hargis an individual residing in
Oklahoma City, Oklahoma (the "Executive").

     The Bank,  BOKF,  and  Executive,  in  consideration  of the  promises  and
covenants  set  forth  herein  (the  receipt  and  adequacy  of which is  hereby
acknowledged) and intending to be legally bound hereby, agree as follows:

     5(1) Purpose  of  This  Agreement.  The  purpose  of this  agreement  is as
          follows:

          (a)  The  Bank  is a  national  association  engaged  in  the  banking
               business in State of Oklahoma.

          (b)  Executive  is  currently  engaged  in  the  practice  of law as a
               stockholder  in the  Oklahoma  City law firm of McAfee & Taft,  A
               Professional Corporation.  Executive currently serves as a member
               of the Board of Directors of the Bank and of BOKF.

          (c)  The  purpose  of this  Agreement  is to set  forth  the terms and
               conditions on which the Bank shall employ Executive.

      (2) Employment.  The Bank hereby employs the Executive,  and the Executive
          hereby  agrees to accept  employment  with the Bank,  on the following
          terms and conditions:

          (a)  BOKF shall cause  Executive to be elected,  and  Executive  shall
               serve as, Vice Chairman of the Bank,  subject to the direction of
               the Chief Executive Officer of the Bank.

          (b)  Executive  shall  devote his full time,  attention  and  efforts,
               exclusively  on behalf of the Bank except as otherwise  expressly
               provided in this Agreement.

          (c)  Executive   shall  devote  all  time  and  attention   reasonably
               necessary  to the  affairs  of the Bank and shall  serve the Bank
               diligently, loyally, without any conflict of interest, and to the
               best of his ability.

          (e)  Executive  shall  perform  such  duties as may be assigned to him
               from time to time by the Chief Executive  Officer of the Bank and
               shall serve in such  positions as an officer  and/or  director of
               BOKF or any of its affiliates as the Chief  Executive  Officer of
               BOKF shall may direct; provided,  however,  Executive's residence
               and place of work shall remain in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma.

          (f)  Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary:

               (i)  Executive  shall  not  be  precluded  from  engaging  in any
                    charitable,   civic,  political  or  community  activity  or
                    membership in any professional organization;

                                     - 17 -

               (ii) Bank consents to Executive appearing on the television show,
                    Flashpoint,  currently  airing on KFOR,  Oklahoma  City, and
                    KTUL,  Tulsa, or a similar  production in content and length
                    during the term of this  contract and to retain the revenues
                    resulting therefrom for his own account.

               (iii)Subject to the condition respecting  compensation  hereafter
                    set forth,  Executive  may serve as a member of the Board of
                    Directors of other  corporations  with the prior approval of
                    the  Bank  (which   approval   shall  not  be   unreasonably
                    withheld).

      (3) Compensation.  As the  sole,  full and  complete  compensation  to the
          Executive for the  performance  of all duties of Executive  under this
          Agreement and for all services rendered by Executive to the Bank or to
          any affiliate of the Bank:

          (a)  The  Bank  shall  pay to  Executive  the sum of Two  Hundred  and
               Twenty-Five  Thousand  dollars  ($225,000)  per year  payable  in
               installments  in  arrears,   less  usual  and  customary  payroll
               deductions for FICA, federal and state withholding, and the like,
               at the times and in the manner in  accordance  with the usual and
               customary payroll policies  generally in effect from time to time
               at the  Bank  ("Annual  Salary").  The  Annual  Salary  shall  be
               increased  effective as of each  anniversary date to an amount at
               least  equal to (i)  $225,000  times  (ii)  1.03 to the Nth power
               where N equals the number of agreement  years the  Agreement  has
               been in effect as of the  anniversary  date, if the Annual Salary
               is  otherwise  less than such  amount.  For example and by way of
               illustration,  at the second  anniversary date, the Annual Salary
               would be increased  so that the Annual  Salary was at least equal
               to $225,000  times 1.0609 or  $238,702.50,  if the Annual  Salary
               would otherwise be less than $238,500.  As hereafter used in this
               Agreement,   Annual  Salary  shall  mean  the  Annual  Salary  as
               increased the Bank from time to time.

          (b)  The Bank shall pay and  provide  to  Executive  pension,  thrift,
               medical insurance,  disability insurance plan benefits, and other
               fringe  benefits,   generally  in  effect  for  senior  executive
               employees  of  the  Bank  and  its  affiliates  (the  "Additional
               Benefits"). The pension benefits provided to Bank's employees are
               fully described in the official plan document.

          (c)  The  Bank  may,  from  time  to time in  Bank's  sole  discretion
               consistent  with the  practices  generally  in effect  for senior
               executive  employees  of the  Bank  and  its  affiliates,  pay or
               provide,  or agree to pay or provide,  Executive  a bonus,  stock
               option, or other incentive or performance based compensation. All
               such bonus,  stock option or other incentive or performance based
               compensation,   regardless  of  its  nature  (hereinafter  called
               "Performance Compensation") shall not constitute Annual Salary.

          (d)  The Bank shall  reimburse  Executive for reasonable and necessary
               entertainment,  travel  and other  expenses  in  accordance  with
               BOKF's standard  policies in general effect for senior  executive
               employees of BOKF's  affiliates  (which  includes  dues for lunch
               clubs,  but does  not  include  reimbursement  for  country  club
               memberships or dues).

          (e)  The  Executive  shall be allowed  vacation,  holidays,  and other
               employee  benefits not  described  above in  accordance  with the
               Bank's  standard  policy in  general  effect  for  Bank's  senior
               executive  employees;   provided,  however,  Executive  shall  be
               entitled to vacation during the first year of this Agreement.

          (f)  The Executive  shall be awarded  options to acquire 10,000 shares
               of BOKF Common Stock at the same price, and on the same terms and
               conditions, as options are awarded generally to Bank employees in
               1997  pursuant to BOKF's 1997 Stock Option  Plan.  The Bank shall
               consider  Executive for the award of options in subsequent  years
               during  the  term  of  this  Agreement  on  the  same  terms  and
               conditions  as  senior  executives  of the  Bank  are  considered
               generally.

          (g)  The Executive  shall be paid the special  compensation  ("Special
               Compensation") set forth in paragraph 4 below.

          (h)  In the event the Bank approves a request by Executive to serve on
               the  board  of  directors  of  another  corporation  and the Bank
               determines, in its discretion, that such service is of benefit to
               the Bank, Executive may accept and retain the usual and customary
               board  compensation  paid by such  corporation  generally  to its
               directors;   otherwise,   any  board  compensation   received  by
               Executive  shall be received by Executive  for the account of the
               Bank and paid over to the Bank upon receipt.

          (i)  Executive  hereby agrees to accept the foregoing  compensation in
               lieu  of and as the  sole,  full  and  complete  compensation  to
               Executive for the  performance  of all duties of Executive  under
               this Agreement and for all services  rendered by Executive to the
               Bank or any affiliate of the Bank (including  service as a member
               of the Board of Directors of BOKF and the Bank,  or any committee
               thereof).

      (4) Special   Compensation.   The  Special   Compensation   shall  be  the
          compensation described in this paragraph.

<PAGE>
                      [THIS PAGE LEFT INTENTIONALLY BLANK]
<PAGE>

     On or before the 1st day of December, 1997, Bank shall pay to Executive the
sum of Fifty Thousand Dollars ($50,000).  In the event Executive is paid a bonus
by McAfee & Taft in respect to 1997 (the "M&T  Bonus") in excess of $25,000 (the
"Excess"),  Executive  shall  receive  the first  $50,000 of such Excess for the
account of the Bank and, upon receipt, pay such excess over to the Bank.

      (5) Term of this Agreement.  The term of this Agreement (the "Term") shall
          commence (the "Commencement") as of the 1st day of December,  1997 and
          shall terminate on the fifth anniversary date of the Commencement.

      (6) Termination  of This  Agreement.  Notwithstanding  the  provisions  of
          paragraph 5 of this Agreement, this Agreement may be terminated by the
          Bank for cause on the following terms and conditions:

          (a)  The Bank shall be deemed to have cause to  terminate  Executive's
               employment only in one of the following events:

               (i)  The  Executive  shall,   after  one  prior  written  notice,
                    willfully  fail to  substantially  perform  his  obligations
                    under  this  Agreement  (it being  understood  that any such
                    failure   resulting  from  Executive's   incapacity  due  to
                    physical or mental illness shall not be deemed willful);

               (ii) Any act which is intended by Executive to materially  injure
                    the Bank;

               (iii) Any criminal act involving moral turpitude;

               (iv) Any dishonest or fraudulent act; or,

               (v)  Any refusal to obey written  orders or  instructions  of the
                    Board of  Directors  of the Bank,  after  one prior  written
                    notice,  unless such instructions would require Executive to
                    commit an illegal  act,  which could  subject  Executive  to
                    personal  liability,  would require Executive to violate the
                    terms of this Agreement,  or would otherwise be inconsistent
                    with  the  duties  of  an  officer  of  a  national  banking
                    association.

          (b)  The Bank shall be deemed to have cause to  terminate  Executive's
               employment  only when a majority  of the  members of the Board of
               Directors  of the Bank finds that,  in the good faith  opinion of
               such majority,  the Executive committed any of the acts set forth
               in clauses (i) through (vi) of the preceding  subparagraph,  such
               finding to have been made after at least ten (10) business  days'
               notice to the Executive  and an  opportunity  for the  Executive,
               together with his counsel, to be heard before such majority.  The
               determination of such majority, made as set forth above, shall be
               binding upon the Bank, BOKF, and the Executive,  absent bad faith
               or willful misconduct.

          (c)  The effective  date of a termination  for cause shall be the date
               of the action of such majority  finding the  termination was with
               cause. In the event the Bank terminates this Agreement for cause,
               (i) the Bank shall pay  Executive  the  Executive's  then  Annual
               Salary  through,  but  not  beyond,  the  effective  date  of the
               termination  and (ii) the Executive  shall receive those benefits
               accrued  through  but  not  beyond  the  effective  date  of such
               termination  which  are  thereafter  payable  under the terms and
               provisions  of benefit  plans then in effect in  accordance  with
               paragraph 3 above.

          (a)  The Bank may terminate Executive's services under this Agreement;
               provided,  however,  the Executive  shall continue to receive the
               Annual  Salary and the  Additional  Benefits for the term of this
               Agreement reduced only by any compensation  actually received for
               work performed during the term of this Agreement (determined on a
               cash basis for each year of this Agreement).

     (8)  Death of Executive.  In the event of Executive's death during the term
          of this  Agreement,  this  Agreement  shall  terminate and his estate,
          legal  representatives,  or  named  beneficiaries  (as set  forth in a
          writing by  Executive  delivered to the Bank prior to death) (i) shall
          be paid  Executive's  Annual  Salary  for a period of three (3) months
          following the date of  Executive's  death and (ii) shall receive those
          benefits which are accrued through the date three (3) months after the
          date of Executive's  death and which are thereafter  payable under the
          terms and provisions of the benefit plans then in effect in accordance
          with paragraph 3 above.

<PAGE>

     (9)  Provisions  Respecting  Illness.  In the event  Executive is unable to
          perform his duties  under this  Agreement  on a full-time  basis for a
          period of six (6)  consecutive  months by reason of  illness  or other
          physical  or  mental  disability,  and at or  before  the  end of such
          period,  Executive does not return to work on a full-time  basis,  the
          Bank may  terminate  this  Agreement  without  further  or  additional
          compensation  being  due the  Executive  from the Bank  except  annual
          salary and benefits accrued through the date of such termination under
          benefit plans then in effect in accordance with paragraph 3 above.

     (10) Continuation of Certain Existing Legal Engagements.  Bank acknowledges
          that Executive desires to complete certain limited legal  engagements,
          not exceeding two or three in number. Executive has advised Bank that,
          in the conduct of such engagements,  Executive does not and would not,
          have a conflict of interest with the Bank.  Bank agrees that Executive
          may conclude such engagements. Executive agrees that he shall conclude
          such  engagements  as rapidly as  possible  and that such  engagements
          shall not materially or adversely affect the performance of his duties
          and  responsibilities  under  this  Agreement.   To  the  extent  such
          engagements  require  the  Executive  to  expend in excess of ten days
          which would  otherwise  be expended on the business and affairs of the
          Bank and the Executive receives compensation therefore, the Bank shall
          receive a credit to the Annual Salary.

     (11) Executive's   Assistant.   Bank  shall  employ   Executive's   present
          administrative  assistant at her existing  salary level subject to all
          other terms and conditions of employment  generally applicable to Bank
          employees,  including  provisions  respecting  employment  at will and
          termination. Executive's Administrative Assistant shall be entitled to
          take  vacation  during  the first  year of this  Agreement  giving her
          credit for 22 years of service.

<PAGE>

     (12) Miscellaneous Provisions. The following miscellaneous provisions shall
          apply to this Agreement:

          (a)  All notices or advices  required or  permitted  to be given by or
               pursuant to this Agreement,  shall be given in writing.  All such
               notices   and   advices   shall  be   (i) delivered   personally,
               (ii) delivered  by facsimile or delivered by U.S.  Registered  or
               Certified Mail, Return Receipt Requested mail, or (iii) delivered
               for  overnight  delivery  by a  nationally  recognized  overnight
               courier service. Such notices and advices shall be deemed to have
               been given  (i) the  first  business  day  following  the date of
               delivery if delivered  personally  or by  facsimile,  (ii) on the
               third  business  day  following  the date of mailing if mailed by
               U.S.  Registered or Certified Mail, Return Receipt Requested,  or
               (iii) on the date of receipt if delivered for overnight  delivery
               by a nationally  recognized  overnight courier service.  All such
               notices and advices and all other communications  related to this
               Agreement  shall  be  given  as  follows:  If to  the  Bank:  BOK
               Financial  Corporation  P.O. Box 2300 Tulsa, OK 74192  Attention:
               Stanley A. Lybarger Telecopy No.: (918) 588-6888

                      With a Copy to:       Frederic Dorwart
                                            Old City Hall
                                            124 East Fourth Street
                                            Tulsa, OK 74103-5010
                                            Telecopy No.: (918) 583-8251

                      If to Executive:      V. Burns Hargis, Esq.
                                            1800 Devonshire
                                            Oklahoma City, OK 73116
                                            405-842-6327

               or to such other  address as the party may have  furnished to the
               other  parties in  accordance  herewith,  except  that  notice of
               change of addresses shall be effective only upon receipt.

          (a)  This  Agreement is made and executed in Tulsa  County,  Oklahoma,
               and all actions or proceedings  with respect to, arising directly
               or indirectly in connection with, out of, related to or from this
               Agreement,  shall be  litigated  in courts  having situs in Tulsa
               County, Oklahoma.

          (b)  This  Agreement  shall be subject to, and  interpreted  by and in
               accordance with, the laws (excluding  conflict of law provisions)
               of the State of Oklahoma.

          (c)  This Agreement is the entire Agreement of the parties  respecting
               the  subject  matter  hereof.  There  are  no  other  agreements,
               representations   or   warranties,   whether   oral  or  written,
               respecting the subject  matter  hereof,  except as stated in this
               Agreement.

          (d)  This Agreement,  and all the provisions of this Agreement,  shall
               be deemed drafted by all of the parties hereto.

          (e)  This Agreement  shall not be interpreted  strictly for or against
               any party,  but solely in accordance with the fair meaning of the
               provisions hereof to effectuate the purposes and interest of this
               Agreement.

          (f)  Each party  hereto has entered into this  Agreement  based solely
               upon the agreements, representations and warranties expressly set
               forth  herein  and  upon  his own  knowledge  and  investigation.
               Neither party has relied upon any  representation  or warranty of
               any  other  party  hereto  except  any  such  representations  or
               warranties as are expressly set forth herein.

          (g)  Each of the  persons  signing  below on behalf of a party  hereto
               represents and warrants that he or she has full  requisite  power
               and authority to execute and deliver this  Agreement on behalf of
               the  parties for whom he or she is signing and to bind such party
               to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

          (h)  This  Agreement  may be executed in  counterparts,  each of which
               shall  be  deemed  an  original.   This  Agreement  shall  become
               effective only when all of the parties hereto shall have executed
               the  original  or  counterpart  hereof.  This  Agreement  may  be
               executed  and  delivered  by  a  facsimile   transmission   of  a
               counterpart signature page hereof.

<PAGE>

          (i)  In  any  action   brought  by  a  party  hereto  to  enforce  the
               obligations of any other party hereto, the prevailing party shall
               be entitled  to collect  from the  opposing  party to such action
               such party's  reasonable  litigation costs and attorneys fees and
               expenses  (including court costs,  reasonable fees of accountants
               and experts, and other expenses incidental to the litigation).

          (j)  This  Agreement  shall be  binding  upon and  shall  inure to the
               benefit  of the  parties  and  their  respective  successors  and
               assigns.

          (k)  This  is  not  a  third  party  beneficiary  contract,  provided,
               however,   each   affiliate  of  BOKF  shall  be  a  third  party
               beneficiary of this  Agreement.  No person or entity other than a
               party  signing this  Agreement  and those  designated  as a third
               party  beneficiary  herein  shall  have  any  rights  under  this
               Agreement.

          (l)  This Agreement may be amended or modified only in a writing which
               specifically references this Agreement.


          (m)  A party to this  Agreement  may decide or fail to require full or
               timely   performance  of  any   obligation   arising  under  this
               Agreement.  The  decision or failure of a party hereto to require
               full or timely  performance of any obligation  arising under this
               Agreement (whether on a single occasion or on multiple occasions)
               shall  not be  deemed a waiver  of any such  obligation.  No such
               decisions  or failures  shall give rise to any claim of estoppel,
               laches, course of dealing,  amendment of this Agreement by course
               of  dealing,  or other  defense of any  nature to any  obligation
               arising hereunder.

          (n)  In the event any provision of this Agreement,  or the application
               of such provision to any person or set of circumstances, shall be
               determined  to be  invalid,  unlawful,  or  unenforceable  to any
               extent for any reason,  the remainder of this Agreement,  and the
               application of such provision to persons or  circumstances  other
               than those as to which it is determined to be invalid,  unlawful,
               or unenforceable,  shall not be affected and shall continue to be
               enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law.

               Dated and  effective  the date  first set  forth  above.  Bank of
               Oklahoma, National Association

                                            By /s/ Stanley A. Lybarger


                                            BOK Financial Corporation

                                            BY /s/ Stanley A. Lybarger

                                            /s/ V. Burns Hargis
                                            V. Burns Hargis




</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
