<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.2
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex99no2.txt
<DESCRIPTION>PURCH AGREE - ASIC-WEISS
<TEXT>


                            STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT

         STOCK  PURCHASE  AGREEMENT  (this  "Agreement"),  dated as of March 20,
2003, by and between Access Solutions International Inc., a Delaware corporation
("Seller"), and William Weiss, an individual with offices at PaperClip Software,
Inc., 646 Route 46 West, Hasbrouck Heights, NJ 07604  ("Purchaser").  Seller and
Purchaser  are  sometimes  individually  referred  to herein  as a  "Party"  and
together as the "Parties."

         WHEREAS,  Seller desires to sell 3,649,543 Shares of Series A Preferred
Stock, par value $0.01 per share (the "Securities"), of PaperClip Software, Inc.
("PaperClip");

         WHEREAS,  the  Securities  are  "restricted"  within the meaning of the
Securities  Act of 1933, as amended (the  "Securities  Act"),  and are therefore
subject to certain limitations on resale; and

         WHEREAS,  Purchaser  desires to  purchase  the  Securities,  and Seller
desires to sell the same, on the terms and conditions hereinafter contained.

         NOW,  THEREFORE,  in  consideration  of the  premises  and  the  mutual
covenants and agreements hereinafter set forth, the parties hereto, intending to
be legally bound, hereby agree as follows:

1.       Purchase and Sale.

         1.01.  Generally.   Subject  to  and  upon  the  terms  and  conditions
hereinafter set forth, at the closing of the  transactions  contemplated  hereby
(the  "Closing"),  and in  reliance  upon  the  representations  and  warranties
contained in this Agreement,  Seller shall sell, assign, transfer and deliver to
Purchaser,  and Purchaser shall purchase from Seller,  the Securities,  free and
clear  of  all  liens,   pledges,   mortgages,   security  interests,   charges,
restrictions,  adverse  claims  or  other  encumbrances  of any  kind or  nature
whatsoever (collectively, "Liens").

         1.02.  Consideration.  At the Closing,  in  consideration  of the sale,
assignment,  transfer,  and delivery of the  Securities,  Purchaser shall pay or
cause to be paid to Seller an aggregate amount, in cash, equal to $106,986.29.

         1.03.  Method  of  Payment.   Purchaser  shall  make  payment  for  the
Securities  in  immediately  available  funds  by wire  transfer  to an  account
specified in writing by Seller.

2.       Closing. The Closing shall be held on the date hereof at the offices of
Edwards & Angell, LLP, 2800 Financial Plaza, Providence, RI 02903. The following
shall take place at the Closing:

<PAGE>
         2.01.  Transfer  of  Securities.  Seller  shall  deliver or cause to be
delivered to Purchaser certificates  representing the Securities,  duly endorsed
in blank,  accompanied by stock powers with signature guarantees or an affidavit
of loss for such certificates.

         2.02.  Closing  Payment.  Purchaser shall make the payment  required by
Section 1 to be made at the Closing.

3.       Representations and Warranties of Seller.  Seller hereby represents and
warrants to Purchaser as follows:

         3.01.  Authority.  Seller is a corporation  organized under the laws of
the State of Delaware.  Seller has all  necessary  power and  authority to enter
into this Agreement,  to carry out its  obligations  hereunder and to consummate
the transactions  contemplated hereby.  Seller has taken all necessary action to
authorize the execution, delivery and performance by it of this Agreement.

         3.02.  Binding  Obligation.  This  Agreement has been duly executed and
delivered by Seller and, and assuming due authorization,  execution and delivery
of the Agreement by Purchaser,  this Agreement  constitutes the legal, valid and
binding obligation of Seller  enforceable  against Seller in accordance with its
terms,  except as such  enforceability  may be  subject  to the  effects  of any
applicable  bankruptcy,   insolvency,  fraudulent  conveyance,   reorganization,
moratorium or similar laws affecting  creditors' rights generally and subject to
the effects of general equitable principles.

         3.03. No Consent;  No Conflict.  Except as set forth on Schedule  3.03,
the  execution  and  delivery  of this  Agreement  by  Seller  do  not,  and the
performance  of this  Agreement by Seller will not,  require any prior  consent,
approval, authorization or other action by, or prior filing with or notification
to, any  governmental  or  regulatory  authority.  The  execution,  delivery and
performance  of this Agreement by Seller do not (i) conflict with or violate the
organizational  documents of Seller,  or (ii)  conflict with or violate any law,
rule,  regulation,  order, writ, judgment,  injunction,  decree,  determination,
award or agreement applicable to Seller.

         3.04. Ownership. Seller owns, beneficially and of record, and has good,
valid  and  marketable  title to and the right to  transfer  to  Purchaser,  the
Securities,  free and clear of any and all Liens.  At the  Closing,  Seller will
convey ownership of the Securities,  and after giving effect to the transactions
contemplated  herein,  Purchaser  will own, and have good,  valid and marketable
title to, the Securities, free and clear of any and all Liens.

4.       Representations   and   Warranties  of  Purchaser.   Purchaser   hereby
represents and warrants to Seller as follows:

         4.01.  Authority.  Purchaser has all  necessary  power and authority to
enter  into  this  Agreement,  to carry  out his  obligations  hereunder  and to
consummate  the  transactions  contemplated  hereby.  Purchaser  has  taken  all
necessary action to authorize the execution,  delivery and performance by him of
this Agreement.
                                       2
<PAGE>

         4.02.  Binding  Obligation.  This  Agreement has been duly executed and
delivered by  Purchaser  and, and  assuming  due  authorization,  execution  and
delivery of the Agreement by Seller, this Agreement constitutes the legal, valid
and binding obligation of Purchaser  enforceable against Purchaser in accordance
with its terms,  except as such  enforceability may be subject to the effects of
any applicable bankruptcy,  insolvency,  fraudulent conveyance,  reorganization,
moratorium or similar laws affecting  creditors' rights generally and subject to
the effects of general equitable principles.

         4.03. No Consent;  No Conflict.  Except as set forth on Schedule  4.03,
the  execution  and  delivery of this  Agreement  by  Purchaser  do not, and the
performance of this Agreement by Purchaser will not,  require any prior consent,
approval, authorization or other action by, or prior filing with or notification
to, any  governmental  or  regulatory  authority.  The  execution,  delivery and
performance  of this  Agreement by Purchaser do not conflict with or violate any
law, rule, regulation, order, writ, judgment, injunction, decree, determination,
award or agreement applicable to Purchaser.

         4.04.  Nature of Purchaser.  Purchaser has been an executive officer of
PaperClip  since October 1991 and, as such, has personal  knowledge of business,
financial  condition and affairs of PaperClip.  Purchaser has such knowledge and
experience in financial  and business  matters  generally  that he is capable of
evaluating  the  merits  of the  transactions  contemplated  by this  Agreement.
Purchaser:  (i) has the  ability  to bear the  economic  risks  inherent  in his
investment in the Securities;  (ii) is able,  without  materially  impairing his
financial  condition,  to hold the Securities for an indefinite  period of time,
and to suffer a complete loss of his investment;  and (iii)  understands and has
fully considered the risks inherent in this investment in the Securities.

         4.05. Nature of Securities.  Purchaser acknowledges that the Securities
are not  registered  under the Securities Act and may not be transferred or sold
except pursuant to the registration provisions of the Securities Act or pursuant
to an applicable  exemption  therefrom and subject to state  securities laws and
regulations, as applicable. Purchaser is acquiring the Securities for investment
purposes  only  for  his  own  account,  and  not  with a view  to the  sale  or
distribution  thereof  except  pursuant to the  registration  provisions  of the
Securities  Act or  pursuant to an  applicable  exemption  therefrom.  Purchaser
understands  the relative  rights and preferences of the Securities set forth in
PaperClip's Certificate of Incorporation.

         4.06.  Accredited  Investor.  Purchaser is an "accredited  investor" as
such  term  is  defined  in Rule  501 of  Regulation  D  promulgated  under  the
Securities Act.

         4.07. Residence.  Purchaser is a resident of, and first learned of this
investment in, the State of New Jersey,  and intends that the securities laws of
that State alone govern the purchase and sale of the Securities.

                                       3
<PAGE>

5.       Miscellaneous.

         5.01. Expenses. Each Party shall pay all costs and expenses incurred by
such Party in respect of the transactions  contemplated hereby.  Seller shall be
liable for and shall pay any  transfer  taxes  attributable  to the purchase and
sale of the Securities.

         5.02. Entirety of Agreement. This Agreement states the entire agreement
of the Parties, merges all prior negotiations, agreements and understandings, if
any,  and  states  in  full  all  representations,  warranties,  covenants,  and
agreements  which have induced this Agreement.  No Party shall make any contrary
representations  in dealing with third parties.  There are no representations or
warranties,  express  or  implied,  except  as  specifically  set  forth in this
Agreement.

         5.03.  Notices.  All  notices  and other  communications  given or made
pursuant  hereto shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given
or made if and when delivered  personally or by overnight courier to the Parties
at the following addresses or sent by electronic transmission, with confirmation
received,  to the telecopy numbers  specified below (or at such other address or
telecopy number for a Party as shall be specified by like notice):

                           (a) If to Seller:
                                    Access Solutions International Inc.
                                    c/o Point Gammon Corporation
                                    One Providence Washington Plaza, 4th Floor
                                    Providence, RI  02903
                                    Attn:  Thomas E. Gardner, Chairman
                                    Telecopy:  (401) 885-8504
                                    Confirm: (401) 854-0520 ext. 17

                                    With a copy to:
                                    Edwards & Angell, LLP
                                    2800 Financial Plaza
                                    Providence, RI  02903
                                    Attn: John E. Ottaviani, Esq.
                                    Telecopy: (401) 276-6612
                                    Confirm: (401) 274-9200

                                       4
<PAGE>

                           (b) If to Purchaser:

                                    William Weiss
                                    c/o PaperClip Software, Inc.
                                    646 Route 46 West
                                    Hasbrouck Heights, NJ 07604
                                    Telecopy:  (201) 487-5184
                                    Confirm:  (201) 487-2266 ext. 209

                                    With a copy to:
                                    Swidler Berlin Shereff Friedman, LLP
                                    The Chrysler Building
                                    405 Lexington Avenue
                                    New York, NY  10174
                                    Attn: Richard A. Goldberg, Esq.
                                    Telecopy:  (212) 891-9598
                                    Confirm:  (212) 973-0111

         5.04. Waiver. No waiver by any Party of any term, provision, agreement,
representation,  or warranty contained in this Agreement (or any breach thereof)
shall be effective  unless it is in writing  executed by the Party against which
such  waiver is to be  enforced.  No waiver  shall be deemed or  construed  as a
further  or  continuing   waiver  of  any  such  term,   provision,   agreement,
representation  or warranty (or breach) on any other  occasion or as a waiver of
any other term,  provision,  agreement,  representation  or warranty  (or of the
breach of any other term,  provision,  agreement,  representation  or  warranty)
contained in this Agreement on the same or any other occasion.

         5.05.  Further  Assurances.  Each of the Parties  agrees to execute and
deliver such other  documents or agreements as may be necessary or desirable for
the  implementation  of this Agreement and the  consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby.

         5.06. Assignment; Binding Nature; No Beneficiaries.  This Agreement may
not be assigned by any Party without the prior written  consent of Purchaser and
Seller.  This Agreement  shall be binding upon,  inure to the benefit of, and be
enforceable  by  the  parties  hereto  and  their  respective  heirs,   personal
representatives,  legatees,  successors  and permitted  assigns.  This Agreement
shall not confer any rights or remedies  upon any Person  other than the parties
hereto  and  their  respective  heirs,   personal   representatives,   legatees,
successors and permitted assigns.

         5.07.  Severability.  If any  provision  of  this  Agreement  is  found
unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, such unenforceable provision
shall not affect the other provisions but shall be deemed modified to the extent
necessary to render it enforceable, preserving to the fullest extent permissible
the intent of the Parties.
         5.08.  Governing Law. Except to the extended  provided in Section 4.07,
this  Agreement  shall be governed by, and  construed in  accordance  with,  the
internal  laws of the State of Delaware  applicable  to  contracts  executed and
fully performed within the State of Delaware.

                                       5
<PAGE>

         5.09. Execution and Delivery.  This Agreement may be executed in two or
more counterparts, each of which when executed shall be deemed to be an original
but all of which taken  together shall  constitute  one and the same  agreement.
This  Agreement may be delivered by facsimile  transmission  with the same legal
effect as if delivery of an original were made in person.

                     [Signatures Appear on Following Page.]


                                        6

<PAGE>


         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have duly executed and delivered
this Agreement as of the date first set forth above.


                               SELLER:

                               ACCESS SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL InC.


                               By: /s/ Thomas E. Gardner
                                   --------------------------
                               Name:   Thomas E. Gardner
                               Title:  Chairman

                               PURCHASER:

                                By: /s/ William  Weiss
                                    -------------------------
                                        William Weiss





                                       7
<PAGE>


                         SCHEDULE 3.03 - SELLER CONSENTS


                                      None


                        SCHEDULE 4.03 -PURCHASER CONSENTS


                  Purchaser  must  file a  Schedule  13D  and a Form 4 with  the
Securities and Exchange  Commission  after the Closing to report the acquisition
of the Securities pursuant to this Agreement.











                                       8




</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
