<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.25
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>g81173exv10w25.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.25 EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT - ROGER ROBERTS
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.25


                    SECOND ADDENDUM TO EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

         CITRIX SYSTEMS, INC. ("Citrix") and ROGER W. ROBERTS ("Employee") enter
into this Second Addendum to Employment Agreement (the "Addendum") this 31 day
of July, 2002.

                                    RECITALS

         WHEREAS, Citrix and the Employee previously entered into that certain
Employment Agreement dated August 1, 2001 (the "Agreement"); and

         WHEREAS, the Agreement expires by its terms on August 1, 2002; and

         WHEREAS, Citrix and the Employee mutually desire to extend the term of
the Agreement and clarify, amend and modify the duties and responsibilities
Employee will perform pursuant to the Agreement.

         NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and
obligations contained herein and other good an valuable consideration, the
receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, Citrix and the
Employee agree as follows:

1. The "Term", as defined in Section 2 of the Agreement, shall expire on
December 31, 2002.

2. Notwithstanding anything in Section 3(a) of the Agreement to the contrary,
the Employee, from the date of this Addendum through to December 31, 2002 (the
"Remaining Term"), shall continue to serve as Employee Advisor and provide
transitional and advisory services to Citrix. In this regard, the Employee,
during the Remaining Term, shall continue to advise and consult and discuss with
Citrix's President and Chief Executive Officer ("CEO"), and identify and analyze
issues involving: (i) executive compensation; (ii) improvement and evolution of
going to market models; (iii) service based operating models; (iv) corporate
governance; (v) operations; and (vi) relationships with members of Citrix's
Board of Directors. The Employee also shall provide other advisory and
consulting services to Citrix on an "as needed" basis and as requested by
Citrix's CEO.

3. To perform the duties and services set forth in paragraph 2 above, Employee
agrees to (i) personally meet with Citrix's CEO on, at least, a semi-monthly
basis during the Remaining Term, and (ii) participate in a telephone conference
with Citrix's CEO on, at least, a weekly basis during the Remaining Term. The
Employee, during the Remaining Term, also shall attend departmental and other
organizational meetings and prepare such reports and other written work product
as requested by Citrix's CEO. During the Remaining Term, the Employee further
shall make himself available via telephone on an "as needed" basis to provide
the advisory and consulting services set forth in paragraph 2 above. In this
regard, the Employee shall provide to Citrix's CEO, and update as necessary, the
Employee's contact information to ensure that he is available to perform any
duties and provide any services set forth in paragraph 2 above.

4. The Employee agrees and acknowledges that he is required to personally
perform the duties and services set forth in paragraph 2 above.



<PAGE>


5. Except as specifically set forth in this Addendum, the Agreement shall remain
in full force and effect.

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Second Addendum to
Employment Agreement on the dates indicated below.

Dated: 7/3/02                     /s/ ROGER W. ROBERTS
       --------------             ----------------------------------------------
                                  ROGER W. ROBERTS



Dated: 7/31/02                    CITRX SYSTEMS, INC.
       --------------


                                  /s/ MARK B. TEMPLETON
                                  ----------------------------------------------
                                  By: Mark B. Templeton
                                  Its:  President and Chief Executive Officer



                                     - 2 -

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
