<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.47.1
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>sec200210k10471.txt
<DESCRIPTION>LINE OF CREDIT AGREEMENT WITH NRUCFC
<TEXT>
            -------------------------------------------------------

            National Rural Utilities Cooperative Finance Corporation
                       Revolving Line of Credit Agreement
                                  ("Agreement")


Name of Borrower:  Chugach Electric Association, Inc.


Address:  5601 Minnesota Drive, Anchorage, Alaska  99518


         National Rural Utilities Cooperative Finance Corporation ("CFC"), a
District of Columbia corporation, has approved Borrower for a revolving line of
credit loan in an amount not to exceed Fifty Million Dollars ($50,000,000)
(hereinafter referred to as the "CFC Commitment"). Borrower hereby agrees that
the terms and conditions herein, plus any additional terms and conditions agreed
to in writing by the parties, shall constitute a valid and binding agreement
between Borrower and CFC. In consideration of their mutual promises hereunder
and other valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby
acknowledged, CFC and Borrower agree to the following terms and conditions:

1.       Revolving Credit and Term. CFC agrees to advance funds to the Borrower
         pursuant to the terms and conditions hereof (each such advance of funds
         is referred to herein as an "Advance"), provided, however, that the
         amount at any time outstanding under this line of credit shall not
         exceed the CFC Commitment. The Borrower may borrow, repay and reborrow
         funds at any time or from time to time for a period up to sixty months
         from the effective date hereof at which time all principal amounts
         outstanding and accrued, but unpaid interest thereon, shall be due and
         payable in full.

2.       Requisitions. Requests for Advances shall be in such written form as
         CFC may reasonably require from time to time.

3.       Interest  Rate and  Payment.  The  Borrower  unconditionally  promises
         and agrees to pay, as and when due, interest  on all  amounts  advanced
         hereunder from the date of each  Advance  and to repay  all  amounts
         advanced  hereunder  with  interest on the date this  Agreement
         terminates as provided  herein.  Interest shall be due and payable in
         accordance with CFC's regular  billing  cycles as may be in effect from
         time to time.  CFC shall  send a payment  notice to the  Borrower  at
         least  five days prior to the due date of any  interest  payment.  All
         amounts shall be  payable  at CFC's  main  office at  Woodland  Park,
         2201 Cooperative  Way,  Herndon,  Virginia  20171-3025 or at such other
         location as designated by CFC from time to time.  The interest  rate on
         all Advances  will be equal to the total rate per annum as may be fixed
         by CFC from time to time,  which shall not exceed the Prevailing  Bank
         Prime Rate (as defined  herein),  plus one percent  per annum.
         Interest  will be  computed on the basis of a 365 day year for the
         actual  number of days that any Advance is  outstanding.  The
         effective  date of an  interest  rate  adjustment  will be determined
         from time to time by CFC,  provided that no such  adjustment  may be
         effective on a date other than the first or sixteenth  day of any
         month,  and any such  adjustment  shall remain in effect until any
         subsequent change in the interest rate occurs.

         The "Prevailing Bank Prime Rate" is that bank prime rate published in
         the "Money Rates" column of the eastern edition of The Wall Street
         Journal on the publication day immediately preceding the day on which
         an adjustment in the interest rate hereof shall become effective. If
         The Wall Street Journal shall cease to be published, then the
         Prevailing Bank Prime Rate shall be determined by CFC by reference to
         another publication reporting bank prime rates in a similar manner.

4.       CFC Accounts. CFC shall maintain in accordance with its usual
         practices an account or accounts evidencing the indebtedness of
         the Borrower resulting from each Advance and the amounts of
         principal and interest payable and paid hereunder. In any legal
         action or proceeding in respect of this Agreement, the entries
         made in such account or accounts (whether stored on computer
         memory, microfilm, payment notices or otherwise) shall be
         presumptive evidence (absent manifest error) of the existence and
         amounts of the Borrower's transactions therein recorded.

5.       Corporate and Regulatory Approvals. Borrower represents and
         warrants that it has obtained any and all necessary corporate and
         regulatory approvals for Borrower to execute, deliver and perform
         its obligations under this Agreement.

6.       Reports. During the term of this Agreement, Borrower agrees (a) to
         provide CFC, within 120 days of the end of Borrower's fiscal year,
         its annual financial statements, prepared in accordance with
         generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP") and audited by
         an independent certified public accountant, or otherwise in form
         and substance satisfactory to CFC, and (b) to provide CFC with any
         other reports or information which CFC may from time to time
         reasonably request.

7.       Fees. If any amount  outstanding and due hereunder  shall not be paid
         when due,  Borrower agrees to pay on demand CFC's  reasonable  costs of
         collection or enforcement of this Agreement,  or preparation  therefor,
         including  reasonable  fees of counsel.  If payment of any principal
         and/or  interest due under the terms of this  Agreement  is not
         received  at  CFC's  office  in  Herndon,  Virginia,  or such  other
         location designated by CFC within 5 business days after the due date
         thereof,  then Borrower  shall pay to CFC, on demand,  and in addition
         to all other amounts due under the terms of this Agreement,  any
         late-payment and additional  interest  charges as may then be in effect
         pursuant to CFC's then  current  policies  without setoff or
         counterclaim.  For purposes of this  Agreement,  a "business day" means
         a day that both CFC and the financial institution it employs for funds
         remittance are open for business.

8.       Limitation on Advances. While an Advance is outstanding, CFC
         reserves the right to limit further Advances if the sum of (a) all
         Advances outstanding, (b) the amount of any further Advance
         requested, and (c) the total amount of Borrower's other unsecured
         outstanding debt, would exceed the CFC Commitment. CFC may in its
         sole discretion decline to make any Advance during any period when
         the Borrower is in default hereunder.

9.       Reduce Balance to Zero. In the event that the term of this
         Agreement is greater than twelve months, then the Borrower agrees
         that for each 12-month period while this Agreement is in effect,
         Borrower shall, for a period of at least five consecutive business
         days, reduce to zero all amounts outstanding hereunder. Borrower
         shall make the first balance reduction within 360 days of the
         first Advance hereunder. Each subsequent balance reduction shall
         be made within 360 days of the last day of such five-day period.

10.      Credit Support. With CFC's prior written approval, this Agreement
         may be used as credit support for other financings.

11.      Notices,  Acceleration  of Debt and Waivers.  While an Advance is
         outstanding,  Borrower agrees to notify CFC in  writing  of (a) any
         delinquency  or  default  on any of its  financial  obligations  in an
         amount exceeding  $500,000,  (b) any material adverse change in its
         financial or business  condition,  and (c) if any  representation or
         warranty made in this Agreement is no longer true in any material
         respect.  If any delinquency,  default,  or any other  event as a
         result of which any holder of  indebtedness  in an amount exceeding
         $500,000  may declare the same due and payable  shall occur and
         continue  uncorrected  for more than any applicable  grace period,  or
         any  representation  or warranty  herein shall no longer be true in
         any  material  respect,  or  Borrower  shall fail to perform or to
         comply with any  material  term of this Agreement,  or if the financial
         condition of Borrower  shall have changed to the extent that such
         change, in the reasonable judgment of CFC, materially  increases CFC's
         risk of repayment  hereunder,  then CFC may declare at any time all
         outstanding  principal,  interest and other amounts due hereunder
         immediately due and payable in full with accrued  interest,  without
         presentment  or demand,  and may withhold  Advances. The Borrower
         waives the defense of usury and all rights to setoff, counterclaim,
         deduction or recoupment.

12.      Survival of Representations and Warranties and Payment
         Obligations. Borrower agrees that its obligation to repay
         principal, interest and all other amounts due hereunder, and the
         representations and warranties made herein, shall survive
         termination of this Agreement. Borrower further agrees that such
         repayment obligations shall be automatically reinstated if and to
         the extent that for any reason any payment by or on behalf of the
         Borrower is rescinded, set aside or must be otherwise restored,
         whether as a result of any proceeding in bankruptcy or
         reorganization or otherwise.

13.      Representations and Warranties. Borrower represents and warrants
         that as of the date of its application for this line of credit,
         and on the date of each Advance hereunder:

a)       the Borrower is not in default of any of its financial obligations in
         an amount exceeding $500,000;

b)       there has been no material adverse change in the Borrower's
         business or financial condition from that set forth in its most
         recent audited financial statements;

c)       no litigation is pending or, to the best of Borrower's knowledge,
         threatened against the Borrower as to which there is a reasonable
         possibility of a determination adverse to Borrower and which, if
         adversely determined, would have a material adverse effect on the
         Borrower's ability to perform under this Agreement;

d)       the information contained in Borrower's audited financial
         statements, its other financial reports and information otherwise
         submitted in connection with this Agreement is complete and
         accurate, and said financial statements and financial reports
         fairly represent the financial condition of the Borrower as of the
         dates reflected thereon;

e)       the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement has been
         duly authorized by the Borrower, which authorization has not been
         rescinded or modified;

f)       all Advances hereunder will be used only for proper corporate
         purposes;

g)       All property owned by the Borrower is located in the boroughs
         identified in Section 24; and

h)       Section 24 hereto accurately sets forth: (a) The Borrower's exact
         legal name, (b) the Borrower's organizational type and
         jurisdiction of organization, (c) the Borrower's organizational
         identification number or accurate statement that the Borrower has
         none and (d) the Borrower's place of business or, if more than
         one, its chief executive office as well as the Borrower's mailing
         address if different.

14.      Conditions of Lending. As a condition to CFC making Advances
         hereunder, each of the following conditions shall be satisfied at
         the time of each Advance:

a)       CFC shall have received the Borrower's most recent annual
         financial statements, prepared in accordance with GAAP and audited
         by an independent certified public accountant, or otherwise in
         form and substance satisfactory to CFC;

b)       all representations and warranties set forth herein shall be true
         and correct; and

c)       the Borrower shall have obtained any and all necessary corporate,
         regulatory and governmental approvals for the Borrower to execute,
         deliver and perform its obligations under this Agreement.

15.      Notice. Borrower agrees that it will not, directly or indirectly,
         without giving written notice to CFC thirty (30) days prior to the
         effective date of any change:

         (a)      Change of Location of Place of Business or Chief Executive
                  Office. Change the location of Borrower's place of business
                  or, if more than one, its chief executive office.

         (b)      Change of Name. Change the name of Borrower.

         (c)      Change of Mailing Address. Change the mailing address of
                  Borrower.

         (d)      Change of Organizational Identification Number. Change its
                  organizational identification number if it has one.

16.      Organizational Change. Borrower agrees that it will not, directly or
         indirectly, without the prior written consent of CFC change its type of
         organization, jurisdiction of organization or other legal structure.

17.      GOVERNING LAW;  SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION;  WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL.

         (a)      THE PERFORMANCE AND CONSTRUCTION OF THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE
                  GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE
                  COMMONWEALTH OF VIRGINIA.

         (b)      BORROWER HEREBY SUBMITS TO THE NONEXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF
                  THE UNITED STATES COURTS LOCATED IN VIRGINIA AND OF ANY STATE
                  COURT SO LOCATED FOR PURPOSES OF ALL LEGAL PROCEEDINGS ARISING
                  OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS
                  CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. BORROWER IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE
                  FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY OBJECTION THAT
                  IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE ESTABLISHING OF THE VENUE
                  OF ANY SUCH PROCEEDING BROUGHT IN SUCH A COURT AND ANY CLAIM
                  THAT ANY SUCH PROCEEDING HAS BEEN BROUGHT IN AN INCONVENIENT
                  FORUM.

         (c)      EACH OF THE BORROWER AND CFC HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE
                  FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY AND ALL RIGHT
                  TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR
                  RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED
                  HEREBY.

18.      Severability. If any term, provision or condition, or any part thereof,
         of this Agreement shall for any reason be found or held invalid or
         unenforceable by any court or governmental agency of competent
         jurisdiction, such invalidity or unenforceability shall not affect the
         remainder of such term, provision or condition nor any other term,
         provision or condition, and this Agreement shall survive and be
         construed as if such invalid or unenforceable term, provision or
         condition had not been contained herein.

19.      Setoff.  CFC is hereby  authorized  at any time and from time to time
         without prior notice to the Borrower to exercise  rights of setoff or
         recoupment and apply any and all amounts held, or hereafter  held, by
         CFC or owed  to the  Borrower  or for  the  credit  or  account  of the
         Borrower against any and all of the obligations  of the  Borrower  now
         or  hereafter  existing  hereunder.  CFC agrees to notify the  Borrower
         promptly after any such setoff or recoupment  and the  application
         thereof,  provided that the failure to give such notice shall not
         affect the validity of such setoff,  recoupment or  application.
         The rights of CFC under this  section  are in addition  to any other
         rights and remedies (including other rights of setoff or recoupment)
         which CFC may have.

20.      Additional Terms and Conditions. Additional terms and conditions as set
         forth herein or attached hereto are an integral part of this Agreement.

21.      Termination and Cancellation of Existing Agreement. Borrower agrees
         that its existing line(s) of credit No(s). 09-60-008-R-5100 with CFC,
         if any, and any agreement(s) relating thereto shall be terminated and
         any outstanding principal, interest and other amounts outstanding
         thereunder shall be transferred to the line of credit established
         pursuant to this Agreement and deemed an Advance hereunder.

22.      Miscellaneous.  (a) This Agreement contains the entire agreement of the
         parties hereto with respect to the matters covered and the transactions
         contemplated hereby, and no other agreement, statement or promise made
         in connection with this line of credit by any party hereto, or by any
         employee, officer, agent or attorney of any party hereto which is not
         contained herein shall be valid and binding. (b) Any amendment to this
         Agreement must be in writing signed by both parties. (c) No failure or
         delay by CFC in exercising any right or remedy hereunder shall operate
         as a waiver or preclude the future exercise thereof or of any other
         right or remedy. (d) If any payment is due from Borrower on a day which
         CFC is not open for business, then such payment shall be made on the
         next succeeding day on which CFC is open for business.

23.      Notices. All notices, requests and other communications provided for
         herein including, without limitation,  any modifications  of, or
         waivers, requests or consents under, this Agreement shall be given
         or made in writing (including, without limitation, by telecopy) and
         delivered to the intended recipient at the "Address for Notices"
         specified below; or, as to any party, at such other address as shall be
         designated by such party in a notice to each other party. Except as
         otherwise provided in this Agreement,  all such communications shall be
         deemed to have been duly given when personally delivered or, in the
         case of a telecopied or mailed notice, upon receipt, in each case given
         or addressed as provided for herein.  The Address for Notices of the
         respective parties are as follows:

                                            CFC:

                            National Rural Utilities
                            Cooperative Finance Corporation
                            Woodland Park
                            2201 Cooperative Way
                            Herndon, Virginia  20171-3025
                            Attention:  Senior Vice President - Member Services
                            Fax: (703) 709-6776

                            The Borrower:

                            Chugach Electric Association, Inc.
                            P.O. Box 196300
                            5601 Minnesota Drive
                            Anchorage, Alaska  99519-6300
                            Attention:  Chief Financial Officer
                            Fax:  (907) 762-4514

24.      Additional Terms and Conditions.

The Borrower's exact legal name is:   Chugach Electric Association, Inc.

The Borrower's organizational type is:  Member owned electric cooperative

The Borrower is organized under the laws of the state of:  Alaska

The Borrower's organizational identification number is:  N/A

The principal place of business or, if more than one, the chief executive office
of the Borrower referred to in Section 13(h) is 5601 Minnesota Drive, Anchorage,
Alaska 99518.

The property of the Borrower referred to in Section 13(g) is located in the
boroughs of Municipality of Anchorage, Matanuska-Susitna Borough and Kenai
Peninsula Borough.




















Name of Borrower:  Chugach Electric Association, Inc.


Signed By: /s/ Evan J. Griffith

Title:  General Manager

Date Signed: December 9, 2002

NATIONAL RURAL UTILITIES                   COOPERATIVE FINANCE CORPORATION



By: /s/ Bryan A. Russell                   Loan Number: AK 008-R-5101
        Assistant Secretary-Treasurer


(To be filled in by CFC) The effective date of this Agreement is: October 15,
2002.



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
