<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>ex10-46.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.46
<TEXT>
             CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY
                    WITH SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                         ASTERISKS DENOTE SUCH OMISSION
                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.46

                            ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT

THIS ASSET PURCHASE  AGREEMENT (the  "AGREEMENT") made this 5th day of December,
2002, by and between ISRAEL  PHARMACEUTICAL  RESOURCES  L.P., an Israeli limited
partnership with offices at Yacobi House, Even Yehuda,  Israel  ("SELLER"),  and
TRIMA, ISRAEL PHARMACEUTICAL PRODUCTS, MAABAROT LTD., an Israeli private company
with its address at Post  Maabarot,  Israel  40230  ("BUYER")  (Seller and Buyer
shall jointly be termed the "PARTIES", and each a "PARTY").

                                   WITNESSETH

WHEREAS,  Seller desires to sell and transfer to Buyer certain assets  specified
below, and Buyer desires to purchase such assets, under the terms and conditions
set forth below.

NOW,  THEREFORE,  in consideration  of the terms and conditions  hereinafter set
forth, the parties hereto mutually agree as follows:

1.       Preamble and Annex
         ------------------

         The preamble and annex to this  Agreement  shall be considered  part of
         this Agreement.

2.       Sale and Purchase of Assets
         ---------------------------

2.1      Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein,  in consideration
         of the Purchase Price stipulated in Section 5 hereof,  Seller agrees to
         sell,  assign and  transfer to Buyer,  and Buyer agrees to purchase and
         assume from Seller,  the assets  listed in ANNEX A attached  hereto and
         all rights and liabilities  associated with such assets (the "PURCHASED
         ASSETS"),  including  without  limitation with regard to the use of the
         Purchased  Assets such as software  licenses,  instructions  to use and
         maintain  the  Purchased  Assets,  standard  operation  procedures  and
         warranty  certificates  relating to the  Purchased  Assets,  all to the
         extent  held or in the  possession  of  Seller,  free and  clear of all
         liens,  charges,  claims,  security  interests,  encumbrances and other
         restrictions or third party rights of any kind.

2.2      The Purchased  Assets shall be sold to Buyer "as-is" at the time of the
         Closing (as defined  below) and Seller  makes no  representation  as to
         their functionality,  value, condition or fitness for use, and makes no
         other  representation  of any kind  except  as  expressly  set forth in
         Section 6 hereof.

2.3      Except for the sale of the Purchased  Assets, no other assets or rights
         of any kind,  tangible  or  intangible,  including  without  limitation
         goodwill, names or intellectual property rights of any kind whatsoever,
         are being sold, conveyed or otherwise transferred to Buyer by Seller.

3.                           Closing of Sale and Purchase
                             ----------------------------

3.1      The sale,  assignment  and  transfer  of the  Purchased  Assets and the
         payment of the Purchase Price (as stipulated in Section 5 hereof) shall
         take place in Herzlia on  December  5, 2002 or at such other  place and
         time as shall be agreed by the Parties (the "CLOSING").

                             Exhibit 10.46 - Page 1
<PAGE>

3.2      At the Closing, Buyer shall pay to Seller the Purchase Price.

3.3      Title to the Purchased Assets and risk of loss shall pass to Buyer with
         delivery  of  possession  in the  Purchased  Assets to be  carried  out
         immediately  upon the Closing,  at the same location  where they are at
         the time of this  Agreement,  I.E. at the Premises (as defined  below).
         Buyer hereby  acknowledges  that the Purchased Assets do not have to be
         delivered to a different  location by Seller.  All other  non-Purchased
         Assets  shall be retained by Seller and shall be removed by Seller from
         their present location at or promptly after the Closing.

4.       Conditions Precedent
         --------------------

4.1      Anything  to  the  contrary  in  this  Agreement  notwithstanding,  the
         obligation  of Seller to sell the  Purchased  Assets to Buyer,  and the
         obligation of Buyer to purchase the Purchased Assets from Seller, shall
         be  contingent on the  execution of (i) a Lease  Termination  Agreement
         between Seller and the lessor (the "LESSOR") of the premises  leased by
         Seller at  Yacobi  House in the  Industrial  Zone in Even  Yehuda  (the
         "PREMISES"),  and (ii) a Lease  Agreement  between Buyer and the Lessor
         with  respect  to  the  Premises,   commencing  immediately  after  the
         termination of Seller's lease of the Premises.

4.2      If any of the conditions  precedent have not been fulfilled,  or waived
         prior to the Closing by both Parties,  the Closing will not take place;
         in such an event,  this  Agreement  and all of the Parties'  rights and
         obligations  hereunder shall be terminated,  unless agreed otherwise in
         writing by the Parties, and no Party shall be liable to the other Party
         for any  damage,  cost or expense  caused to that other  Party from the
         termination of this Agreement.

5.       Purchase Price; Payment Terms; Reimbursement
         --------------------------------------------

5.1      In consideration for the sale of the Purchased Assets,  Buyer shall pay
         to Seller at the Closing the sum of $700,000  (seven  hundred  thousand
         U.S. dollars) (the "PURCHASE PRICE"), plus Value Added Tax. The Parties
         agree that,  subject to Sections 5.4 and 5.5 hereof, the Purchase Price
         shall be the full and final consideration payable to Seller hereunder.

5.2      The  Purchase  Price  shall be paid to  Seller  in U.S.  dollars  or in
         Israeli Shekels according to the  representative  rate of exchange last
         published  by the  Bank  of  Israel  before  the  date of  payment,  by
         cashier's check, bank transfer or as otherwise agreed by the parties.

5.3      The Purchase  Price is exclusive of VAT which shall be paid by Buyer to
         Seller  at the 14th of the  month  following  the  Closing  at the then
         applicable rate, in addition to the Purchase Price.

5.4      Seller shall reimburse Buyer within 10 (ten) days of receipt of Buyer's
         written  demand  for any  payment  made by Buyer to any third  party in
         connection with the Purchased  Assets,  that (i) before the date of the
         Closing  was  committed  and agreed to be paid by  Seller,  and (ii) is
         directly related to a service or other benefit provided to Seller prior
         to the date of the Closing.  Buyer shall notify Seller  promptly of any
         such claim for  payment  received  by it from a third  party,  and,  at
         Seller's  request,  shall  cooperate  with  Seller  in  negotiating  or
         otherwise dealing with such claim.

                             Exhibit 10.46 - Page 2
<PAGE>

5.5      Buyer  shall  reimburse  Seller  within  10 (ten)  days of  receipt  of
         Seller's written demand for any payment made by Seller to a third party
         in connection with the Purchased  Assets,  which arises or relates to a
         service or other benefit that will be provided to Buyer within a period
         of no more than 60 (sixty) days after the Closing.  The foregoing shall
         also include, notwithstanding the time limitation stipulated above, the
         respective  portion  relating to any period after the  Closing,  of the
         advance lease payment made by Seller to Lessor.  . Seller shall provide
         to Buyer  appropriate  documentation  regarding such payments,  if any.
         Buyer's  obligation under this Section 5.5 (excluding the advance lease
         payments) shall be limited to the aggregate amount of NIS 50,000.

6.       Representations and Warranties of Seller
         ----------------------------------------

         Seller represents and warrants to Buyer as follows:

6.1      Seller has full  partnership  authority to execute this  Agreement  and
         perform in accordance herewith,  and this Agreement constitutes a valid
         and  binding  obligation  of Seller  and is  enforceable  against it in
         accordance  with its terms.  Each document of transfer  contemplated by
         this  Agreement,  when  executed and  delivered by Seller in accordance
         with the  provisions  hereof,  shall be the valid and  legally  binding
         obligation of Seller and be  enforceable  against  Seller in accordance
         with its terms. This Agreement and all transactions contemplated hereby
         have  been  duly  authorized  by all  requisite  partnership  action by
         Seller.

         Neither  the  execution   nor  the  delivery  of  this   Agreement  nor
         fulfillment  or compliance  with the terms and  conditions  hereof will
         constitute a breach by Seller of its organizational documents or result
         in a breach of the terms,  conditions or provisions of, or constitute a
         default under or result in a violation of, any  agreement,  contract or
         instrument  to which  Seller  is a party  or by  which it is  otherwise
         bound,  result in a violation  by Seller of any existing law or statute
         or any material rule or regulation or of any order,  decree,  judgement
         or injunction  of any court or  governmental  agency,  or result in the
         creation  or  imposition  of any lien,  charge,  restriction,  security
         interest  or  encumbrance  of any nature  whatsoever  on the  Purchased
         Assets.

6.2      Seller has good and clear title and a valid owner's  interest in and to
         all of the  Purchased  Assets,  free and clear of all  liens,  charges,
         encumbrances or third party rights of any nature whatsoever.

6.3      At the Closing or as soon as  practicable  thereafter,  Seller will (i)
         deliver to Buyer all  relevant  documentation  in  Seller's  possession
         which  relates to the  Purchased  Assets,  such as  manuals,  equipment
         documentation,  construction drawings and floor plans; and (ii) deliver
         to Buyer all warranty certificates relating to the Purchased Assets.

6.4      Nothing in this  Agreement  shall  cause or be  construed  to cause the
         transfer  to Buyer of any of  Seller's  employees.  Seller is and shall
         continue to be solely liable for Seller's employees, as they are at the
         time of this Agreement and as they may be in the future,  in respect of
         such status.  Without  derogating from the generality of the foregoing,
         Seller  shall  indemnify  Buyer  for any  losses,  damages,  costs  and
         expenses (including  reasonable legal fees and expenses) arising out of
         or due to any claim or demand made by any of Seller's employees against
         Buyer,  in  connection  with  their  employment  by  Seller or with the
         transactions  contemplated in this Agreement;  provided,  however, that
         Buyer  shall  promptly  notify  Seller of any such  claim or demand and
         permit Seller to assume the defense or negotiation thereof.

                             Exhibit 10.46 - Page 3
<PAGE>

6.5      Seller shall, at any time and from time to time after the Closing, upon
         the  reasonable  request  of Buyer  and at  Buyer's  expense,  execute,
         acknowledge  and  deliver,   or  will  cause  to  be  done,   executed,
         acknowledged and delivered,  all such further acts,  deeds,  documents,
         assignments, transfers, conveyances and assurances as may be reasonably
         required  for  better  assigning,  transferring,  granting,  conveying,
         assuring and  confirming to Buyer,  or to its  successors and permitted
         assigns, any or all of the Purchased Assets.

7.       Representations and Warranties of Buyer
         ---------------------------------------

         Buyer represents and warrants to Seller as follows:

7.1      Buyer has full  corporate  authority  to  execute  this  Agreement  and
         perform in accordance herewith,  and this Agreement constitutes a valid
         and  binding  obligation  of Buyer  and is  enforceable  against  it in
         accordance  with  its  terms.   This  Agreement  and  all  transactions
         contemplated  hereby have been duly authorized by all requisite  action
         by Buyer.

7.2      Neither  the  execution   nor  the  delivery  of  this   Agreement  nor
         fulfillment of or compliance with the terms and conditions  hereof will
         constitute a breach by Buyer of the terms, conditions or provisions of,
         or  constitute  a  default  under  or  result  in a  violation  of  its
         organizational  documents  or  any  material  agreement,   contract  or
         instrument to which Buyer is a party or by which it is otherwise bound,
         or result in a violation by Buyer of any existing law or statute or any
         rule or  regulation  of any  jurisdiction,  or of any order,  decree or
         injunction of any court or governmental agency.

7.3      Buyer  acknowledges  that except for the sale of the Purchased  Assets,
         subject to the  provisions  set forth in Section 2.1  hereof,  no other
         assets or rights of any kind, tangible or intangible, including without
         limitation goodwill,  names or intellectual property rights of any kind
         whatsoever,   are  being  sold,  transferred,   conveyed  or  otherwise
         transferred to Buyer by Seller.

7.4      Buyer acknowledges that the Purchased Assets will be sold and delivered
         to it in their condition  "as-is" at the time of the Closing,  and that
         it has inspected  and is familiar  with the Purchased  Assets and their
         condition and has found them to be  satisfactory  for its needs.  Buyer
         warrants  that it does not have,  nor will have or make in the  future,
         any claim, demand, complaint,  cause of action or action against Seller
         or any of Seller's partners, for any reason whatsoever, with respect to
         the Purchased Assets, except for claims, demands, complaints and causes
         of action expressly permitted under this Agreement.

7.5      Buyer  acknowledges  that it did not receive from Seller or from anyone
         in  Seller's   name  or  on   Seller's   behalf  any  implied  or  oral
         representations   with   respect  to  the   Purchased   Assets.   Buyer
         acknowledges  that  Seller's sole  representations  with respect to the
         Purchased  Assets  are  the  representations  expressly  made  in  this
         Agreement.

                             Exhibit 10.46 - Page 4
<PAGE>


8.       No Warranty; Liability
         ----------------------

8.1      SUBJECT TO THE  REPRESENTATIONS  MADE BY SELLER IN SECTION  6.2 HEREOF,
         THE PURCHASED ASSETS ARE SOLD IN THEIR CONDITION "AS-IS" AT THE TIME OF
         THE CLOSING.  SELLER MAKES NO REPRESENTATION AND EXTENDS NO WARRANTY OF
         ANY KIND,  EITHER  EXPRESS OR IMPLIED,  WITH RESPECT TO THE  CONDITION,
         VALUE OR FUNCTIONALITY OF THE PURCHASED ASSETS, AND MAKES NO WARRANTIES
         AS TO MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. SELLER SHALL
         HAVE NO OBLIGATION TO CAUSE ANY OF ITS EMPLOYEES TO BE TRANSFERRED  TO,
         OR EMPLOYED BY, BUYER.

8.2      Without derogating from the other provisions of this Agreement,  except
         for a breach of Section  2.1  hereof,  in no event  will  either of the
         Parties  be liable to the other  Party for any  incidental,  special or
         consequential  damages  (including lost profits)  suffered by the other
         Party or any third  party,  even if that Party has been  advised of the
         possibility  of such damages,  which result from this  Agreement or the
         performance thereof.

9.       Miscellaneous
         -------------

9.1      ENTIRE AGREEMENT.  This Agreement  constitutes the entire agreement and
         understanding  of the Parties  and  supersedes  all prior  discussions,
         agreements or correspondence  with regard to the subject matter hereof.
         No  representations  or  warranties  have  been  made by  either of the
         Parties, except as expressly contained herein.

9.2      SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS.  Except as otherwise provided herein, the terms
         and conditions of this  Agreement  shall inure to the benefit of and be
         binding upon the  respective  successors  and permitted  assigns of the
         Parties.  Neither Party may assign any of its rights or delegate any of
         it obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the other
         Party.

9.3      GOVERNING LAW; JURISDICTION; LANGUAGE. This Agreement shall be governed
         by and construed  under the laws of the State of Israel.  The competent
         courts in Tel Aviv shall have  exclusive  jurisdiction  in any  dispute
         arising out of or in connection with this Agreement. This Agreement has
         been drafted, negotiated and executed in the English language.

9.4      COUNTERPARTS.   This   Agreement   may  be  executed  in  two  or  more
         counterparts,  each of which  shall be deemed an  original,  but all of
         which together shall constitute one and the same instrument.

9.5      NOTICES.  All notices and other  communications  required or  permitted
         hereunder to be given to a Party to this Agreement  shall be in writing
         and  shall be faxed  (with  confirmation  sent by  registered  mail) or
         mailed by registered or certified mail,  postage prepaid,  or otherwise
         delivered by hand or by messenger, addressed to such Party's address as
         set forth  hereinabove or at such other address as the Party shall have
         furnished  to the each other Party in writing in  accordance  with this
         provision.  Any notice sent in accordance  herewith  shall be effective
         (i) if mailed,  5 (five)  business days after mailing,  (ii) if sent by
         messenger,  upon delivery,  (iii) if sent by an overnight  courier that
         guarantees second day delivery, two business days after mailing through
         such service,  and (iv) if sent via facsimile,  upon  transmission  and
         electronic confirmation of receipt or (if transmitted and received on a

                             Exhibit 10.46 - Page 5
<PAGE>

         non-business day) on the first business day following  transmission and
         electronic confirmation of receipt.

9.6      AMENDMENTS  AND WAIVERS.  Any term of this Agreement may be amended and
         the  observance  of any term of this  Agreement  may be waived  (either
         generally  or in a  particular  instance  and either  retroactively  or
         prospectively), only with the written consent of all Parties hereto or,
         with  respect to a waiver,  by the Party for whose  benefit  the waived
         term was.

9.7      SEVERABILITY.  If one or more  provisions of this Agreement are held to
         be unenforceable under applicable law, such provision shall be excluded
         from  this  Agreement  and  the  balance  of  the  Agreement  shall  be
         interpreted  as if  such  provision  were  so  excluded  and  shall  be
         enforceable in accordance with its remaining terms.

9.8      NON-RECOURSE.  No  recourse  or  claim  may be had  against  any of the
         limited partners of Seller.

9.9      COSTS AND EXPENSES. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, each
         of the Parties shall bear its own costs and expenses,  including  legal
         costs and expenses, in connection with this Agreement.

IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  the  undersigned  have set forth their signature as of the
date first written above.

/S/ ANDY KEIDAR                             /S/ ARIE L. GUTMAN
---------------                             ------------------
     BUYER                                       SELLER

By: ANDY KEIDAR                             By: ARIE L. GUTMAN
    --------------                              --------------

                             Exhibit 10.46 - Page 6

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
