<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.38
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>g81250exv10w38.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.38 FIFTH AMENDMENT TO RETIREMENT PLAN
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.38

                             FIFTH AMENDMENT TO THE
                            PER-SE TECHNOLOGIES, INC.
                       EMPLOYEES' RETIREMENT SAVINGS PLAN

         THIS FIFTH AMENDMENT is made as of December 17, 2002, by PER-SE
TECHNOLOGIES, INC., a corporation duly organized and existing under the laws of
the State of Delaware (the "Primary Sponsor").

                                   WITNESSETH:

         WHEREAS, the Primary Sponsor maintains the Per-Se Technologies, Inc.
Employees' Retirement Savings Plan (the "Plan") which was last amended and
restated on January 20, 2000;

         WHEREAS, the Primary Sponsor now wishes to amend the Plan primarily to
comply with and make changes required or permitted by the Economic Growth and
Tax Relief Reconciliation Act of 2001 ("EGTRRA");

         WHEREAS, this amendment is intended as good faith compliance with the
requirements of EGTRRA and is to be construed in accordance with EGTRRA and any
guidance issued thereunder; and

         WHEREAS, this amendment shall supersede the provisions of the Plan to
the extent those provisions are inconsistent with the provisions of this
amendment.

         NOW, THEREFORE, the Primary Sponsor does hereby amend the Plan
effective as of January 1, 2002:

         1.       By deleting the header language of Section 1.5 and
substituting the following:

                  "1.5     `Annual Compensation' means the amount paid to an
         Employee by a Plan Sponsor and Affiliates during a Plan Year as
         compensation that would be subject to income tax withholding under Code
         Section 3401(a), (but without regard to any rules that limit the
         remuneration included in wages based on the nature or location of the
         employment or the services performed, such as the exception for
         agricultural labor in Code Section 3401(a)(2), to the extent not in
         excess of $200,000 (for the Plan Year beginning in 2002), which amount
         shall be adjusted for changes in the cost of living as provided in
         regulations issued by the Secretary of the Treasury, except for
         purposes of determining Highly Compensated Employees. Notwithstanding
         the above, Annual Compensation shall be determined as follows:"

         2.       By adding the following new Section 1.5A:

                  "1.5A    `Appeals Fiduciary' means an individual or group of
         individuals appointed to review appeals of claims for benefits payable
         due to a Member's Disability made pursuant to Plan Section 12.4."

         3.       By deleting the existing Section 1.14 and substituting the
following:

<PAGE>

                  "1.14 `Disability' means a disability of a Member within the
         meaning of Code Section 72(m)(7), to the extent that the Member is, or
         would be, entitled to disability retirement benefits under the federal
         Social Security Act. The determination of whether or not a Disability
         exists shall be determined by the Plan Administrator and shall be
         substantiated by competent medical evidence."

         4.       By deleting the existing Section 1.20 and substituting the
following:

                  "1.20    `Eligible Retirement Plan' means any of the following
         that will accept a Distributee's Eligible Rollover Distribution:

                           (a)      an individual retirement account described
                  in Code Section 408(a);

                           (b)      an individual retirement annuity described
                  in Code Section 408(b);

                           (c)      an annuity plan described in Code Section
                  403(a) or an annuity contract described in Code Section
                  403(b);

                           (d)      a qualified trust described in Code Section
                  401(a); or

                           (e)      an eligible plan under Code Section 457(b)
                  which is maintained by a state or political subdivision of a
                  state, or any agency or instrumentality of a state or
                  political subdivision and which agrees to separately account
                  for amounts transferred into such plan from this Plan."

         5.       By deleting the existing Section 1.21 and substituting the
following:

                  "1.21    `Eligible Rollover Distribution' means any
         distribution of all or any portion of the Distributee's Account, except
         that an Eligible Rollover Distribution does not include:

                           (a)      any distribution that is one of a series of
                  substantially equal periodic payments (not less frequently
                  than annually) made for the life (or life expectancy) of the
                  Distributee or the joint lives (or joint life expectancies) of
                  the Distributee and the Distributee's designated Beneficiary,
                  or for a specified period of ten (10) years of more;

                           (b)      any distribution to the extent such
                  distribution is required under Code Section 401(a)(9);

                           (c)      any distribution which is made upon hardship
                  of the Employee; and

                           (d)      the portion of any distribution that is not
                  includable in gross income (determined without regard to the
                  exclusions for net unrealized appreciation with respect to
                  employer securities)."


                                       2

<PAGE>

         6.       By deleting the existing Section 1.35 and substituting the
following:

                  "1.35    `Named Fiduciary' means only the following:

                           (a)      the Plan Administrator;

                           (b)      the Trustee;

                           (c)      the Investment Committee;

                           (d)      the Investment Manager; and

                           (e)      the Appeals Fiduciary."

         7.       By deleting the existing Section 1.41 and substituting
therefor the following:

                  "1.41    `Rollover Amount' means any amount transferred to the
         Fund by a Member, which amount qualifies as an Eligible Rollover
         Distribution under Code Sections 402(c)(4), 403(a)(4), 403(b)(8),
         408(d)(3)(A)(ii), or 457(e)(16), and any regulations issued
         thereunder."

         8.       By deleting the existing Section 3.1 and substituting the
following:

                  "3.1     (a)      The Plan Sponsor shall make a contribution
                  to the Fund on behalf of each Member who is an Eligible
                  Employee and has elected to defer a portion of his Annual
                  Compensation otherwise payable to him for the Plan Year and to
                  have such portion contributed to the Fund. Except to the
                  extent permitted under Section 3.1(c) and Code Section 414(v),
                  the contribution made by a Plan Sponsor on behalf of a Member
                  under this Section 3.1(a) shall be in an amount equal to the
                  amount specified in the Member's deferral election, but not
                  greater than twenty-five percent (25%) of the Member's Annual
                  Compensation. Pursuant to Section 4 of Appendix A, the Plan
                  Administrator may restrict the amount which Highly Compensated
                  Employees may defer under this Section 3.1(a).

                           (b)      Except to the extent permitted under Section
                  3.1(c) and Code Section 414(v), Elective Deferrals shall in no
                  event exceed the limit set forth in Code Section 402(g) in any
                  one taxable year of the Member. In the event the amount of
                  Elective Deferrals exceeds Code Section 402(g) limit, in any
                  one taxable year then,

                                    (1)      not later than the immediately
                           following March 1, the Member may designate to the
                           Plan the portion of the Member's Deferral Amounts
                           which consist of excess Elective Deferrals, and

                                    (2)      not later than the immediately
                           following April 15, the Plan may distribute the
                           amount designated to it under Paragraph (1) above, as
                           adjusted to reflect income, gain, or loss
                           attributable to it through the end of the Plan Year,
                           and reduced by any `Excess Deferral Amounts,' as
                           defined


                                       3

<PAGE>

                           in Appendix A hereto, previously distributed or
                           recharacterized with respect to the Member for the
                           Plan Year beginning with or within that taxable year.

                           The payment of the excess Elective Deferrals, as
                  adjusted and reduced, from the Plan shall be made to the
                  Member without regard to any other provision in the Plan. In
                  the event that a Member's Elective Deferrals exceed the Code
                  Section 402(g) limit, as adjusted, in any one taxable year
                  under the Plan and other plans of the Plan Sponsor and its
                  Affiliates, the Member shall be deemed to have designated for
                  distribution under the Plan the amount of excess Elective
                  Deferrals, as adjusted and reduced, by taking into account
                  only Elective Deferral amounts under the Plan and other plans
                  of the Plan Sponsor and its Affiliates.

                           (c)      A Member who is eligible to contribute
                  Deferral Amounts to the Plan and who has attained age 50 on or
                  before the last day of the Plan Year shall be eligible to
                  elect to have a portion of his Annual Compensation otherwise
                  payable to him for the Plan Year contributed by the Plan
                  Sponsor to the Fund on his behalf as catch-up contributions in
                  accordance with and subject to the limitations of, Code
                  Section 414(v). Contributions made pursuant to this Section
                  3.1(c) shall not be taken into account for purposes of
                  implementing the limitations set forth in Section 3.1(a),
                  3.1(b) and Appendix B hereto. The Plan shall not be treated as
                  failing to satisfy the provisions of Appendix A, Appendix C or
                  Code Section 410(b), as applicable, by reason of the making of
                  the catch-up contributions as described in this Section
                  3.1(c).

                           (d)      Contributions made pursuant to this Section
                  3.1 shall be allocated to the Employee Deferral Account of the
                  Member on whose behalf they were made as soon as reasonably
                  practicable following the date of withholding by the Plan
                  Sponsor and receipt by the Trustee.

                           (e)      The elections under this Section 3.1 must be
                  made before the Annual Compensation is payable and may only be
                  made in such manner and subject to such rules and limitations
                  as the Plan Administrator may prescribe and shall specify the
                  percentage or dollar amount, as applicable, of Annual
                  Compensation that the Member desires to defer pursuant to
                  Section 3.1(a) and/or 3.1(c) and to have contributed to the
                  Fund. Once a Member has made an election for a Plan Year, the
                  Member may revoke or modify his election to increase or reduce
                  the rate of future deferrals, as provided in the
                  administrative procedures established by the Plan
                  Administrator."

         9.       By deleting the existing Section 3.2 and substituting the
following:

                  "3.2     Following the completion of a year of Service by a
Member, the Plan Sponsor proposes to make contributions to the Fund with respect
to such Plan Year on behalf of each Member in an amount equal to fifty percent
(50%) of the amount deferred by a Member pursuant to Plan Section 3.1(a), not in
excess of six percent (6%) of the Member's Annual Compensation. The Board of
Directors may, at its discretion, increase the percentage contribution under
this Section 3.2 for all Members, or for any specified


                                       4

<PAGE>

unit, division, subdivision, or location, or for any Members who participated in
a specified prior plan that was merged into the Plan."

         10.      By deleting the existing Section 3.5 and by substituting the
following:

                  "3.5     Any Eligible Employee may, with the consent of the
         Plan Administrator and subject to such rules and conditions as the Plan
         Administrator may prescribe, transfer a Rollover Amount to the Fund
         (which may include, without limitation, prohibitions against
         transferring certain categories of Rollover Amounts to the Plan);
         provided, however, that the Plan Administrator shall not administer
         this provision in a manner which is discriminatory in favor of Highly
         Compensated Employees."

         11.      By deleting the header language of Section 7.2 and
substituting the following:

                  "7.2     A withdrawal pursuant to this Section 7.2 is
         designated a `Hardship Withdrawal' and is subject to the following
         rules: The Trustee shall, upon the direction of the Plan Administrator,
         withdraw all or portion of a Member's Employee Deferral Account
         consisting of Deferral Amounts (but not earnings thereon), including
         catch-up contributions made pursuant to Section 3.1(c), prior to the
         time such account is otherwise distributable in accordance with the
         other provisions of the Plan; provided, however, that any such
         withdrawal shall be made only if the Member is an Employee and
         demonstrates that he is suffering from `hardship' as determined herein.
         For purposes of this Section, a withdrawal will be deemed to be an
         account of hardship if the withdrawal is on account of:"

         12.      By adding "and" to the end of Section 7.3(a)(1) and by
deleting the existing Section 7.3(a)(2) and substituting the following:

                                    "(2)     the Plan Sponsor shall not permit
                           Elective Deferrals, including catch-up contributions
                           as described in Code Section 414(v), for a period of
                           six (6) months after the Member receives the
                           withdrawal pursuant to this Section; and"

         13.      By deleting the existing Section 7.3(a)(3) in its entirety.

         14.      By deleting the existing Section 9.4(b) and substituting the
following:

                           "(b)     the payments to be made to a Member shall be
                  made in accordance with Code Section 401(a)(9) and the
                  regulations issued thereunder, including the incidental
                  benefit requirements. Notwithstanding the foregoing, effective
                  as of January 1, 2003, any distributions pursuant to Code
                  Section 401(a)(9) shall be administered in accordance with the
                  requirements of Appendix E hereto."

         15.      By adding the following new Section 11.8:

                  "11.8    Appeals Fiduciary. The Primary Sponsor shall appoint
         an Appeals Fiduciary. The Appeals Fiduciary shall be required to review
         claims for benefits payable due to a Member's Disability that are
         initially denied by the Plan Administrator and for


                                       5

<PAGE>

         which the claimant requests a full and fair review pursuant to Section
         12.3. The Appeals Fiduciary may not be the individual who made the
         initial adverse determination with respect to any claim he reviews and
         may not be a subordinate of any individual who made the initial adverse
         determination. The Appeals Fiduciary may be removed in the same manner
         in which appointed or may resign at any time by written notice of
         resignation to the Primary Sponsor. Upon such removal or resignation,
         the Primary Sponsor shall appoint a successor."

         16.      By deleting the existing Section 12 and substituting the
following:

                                   "SECTION 12
                             CLAIMS REVIEW PROCEDURE

                  12.1     If a Member or a Beneficiary is denied a claim for
         benefits under the Plan, the Plan Administrator shall provide to the
         claimant written notice of the denial within ninety (90) days
         (forty-five (45) days with respect to a denial of any claim for
         benefits due to the Member's Disability) after the Plan Administrator
         receives the claim, unless special circumstances require an extension
         of time for processing the claim. If such an extension of time is
         required, written notice of the extension shall be furnished to the
         claimant prior to the termination of the initial 90-day period. In no
         event shall the extension exceed a period of ninety (90) days (thirty
         (30) days with respect to a claim for benefits due to the Member's
         Disability) from the end of such initial period. With respect to a
         claim for benefits due to the Member's Disability, an additional
         extension of up to thirty (30) days beyond the initial 30-day extension
         period may be required for processing the claim. In such event, written
         notice of the extension shall be furnished to the claimant within the
         initial 30-day extension period. Any extension notice shall indicate
         the special circumstances requiring the extension of time, the date by
         which the Plan Administrator expects to render the final decision, the
         standards on which entitlement to benefits are based, the unresolved
         issues that prevent a decision on the claim and the additional
         information needed to resolve those issues.

                  12.2     If a Member or Beneficiary is denied a claim for
         benefits under a Plan, the Plan Administrator shall provide to such
         claimant written notice of the denial which shall set forth:

                           (a)      the specific reasons for the denial;

                           (b)      specific references to the pertinent
                  provisions of the Plan on which the denial is based;

                           (c)      a description of any additional material or
                  information necessary for the claimant to perfect the claim
                  and an explanation of why such material or information is
                  necessary;

                           (d)      an explanation of the Plan's claim review
                  procedures, and the time limits applicable to such procedures,
                  including a statement of the claimant's right to bring a civil
                  action under Sections 502(a) of ERISA following an adverse
                  benefit determination on review;


                                       6

<PAGE>

                           (e)      in the case of a claim for benefits due to a
                  Member's Disability, if an internal rule, guideline, protocol
                  or other similar criterion is relied upon in making the
                  adverse determination, either the specific rule, guideline,
                  protocol or other similar criterion; or a statement that such
                  rule, guideline, protocol or other similar criterion was
                  relied upon in making the decision and that a copy of such
                  rule, guideline, protocol or other similar criterion will be
                  provided free of charge upon request; and

                           (f)      in the case of a claim for benefits due to a
                  Member's Disability, if a denial of the claim is based on a
                  medical necessity or experimental treatment or similar
                  exclusion or limit, an explanation of the scientific or
                  clinical judgment for the denial, an explanation applying the
                  terms of the Plan to the claimant's medical circumstances or a
                  statement that such explanation will be provided free of
                  charge upon request.

                  12.3     After receiving written notice of the denial of a
         claim or that a domestic relations order is a qualified domestic
         relations order, a claimant or his representative shall be entitled to:

                           (a)      request a full and fair review of the denial
                  of the claim or determination that a domestic relations order
                  is a qualified domestic relations order by written application
                  to the Plan Administrator (or Appeals Fiduciary in the case of
                  a claim for benefits payable due to a Member's Disability);

                           (b)      request, free of charge, reasonable access
                  to, and copies of, all documents, records, and other
                  information relevant to the claim;

                           (c)      submit written comments, documents, records,
                  and other information relating to the denied claim to the Plan
                  Administrator or Appeals Fiduciary, as applicable; and

                           (d)      a review that takes into account all
                  comments, documents, records, and other information submitted
                  by the claimant relating to the claim, without regard to
                  whether such information was submitted or considered in the
                  initial benefit determination.

                  12.4     (a)      If a claimant wishes a review of the
                  decision denying his claim to benefits under the Plan, other
                  than a claim described in Subsection (b) of this Section 12.4,
                  or if a claimant wishes to appeal a decision that a domestic
                  relations order is a qualified domestic relations order, he
                  must submit the written application to the Plan Administrator
                  within sixty (60) days after receiving written notice of the
                  denial or notice that the domestic relations order is a
                  qualified domestic relations order.

                           (b)      If the claimant wishes a review of the
                  decision denying his claim to benefits under the Plan due to a
                  Member's Disability, he must submit the written application to
                  the Appeals Fiduciary within one hundred eighty (180) days
                  after


                                       7

<PAGE>

                  receiving written notice of the denial. With respect to any
                  such claim, in deciding an appeal of any denial based in whole
                  or in part on a medical judgment (including determinations
                  with regard to whether a particular treatment, drug, or other
                  item is experimental, investigational, or not medically
                  necessary or appropriate), the Appeals Fiduciary shall

                                    (i)      consult with a health care
                           professional who has appropriate training and
                           experience in the field of medicine involved in the
                           medical judgment; and

                                    (ii)     identify the medical and vocational
                           experts whose advice was obtained on behalf of the
                           Plan in connection with the denial without regard to
                           whether the advice was relied upon in making the
                           determination to deny the claim.

                  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the health care professional
                  consulted pursuant to this Subsection (b) shall be an
                  individual who was not consulted with respect to the initial
                  denial of the claim that is the subject of the appeal or a
                  subordinate of such individual.

                  12.5     Upon receiving such written application for review,
         the Plan Administrator or Appeals Fiduciary, as applicable, may
         schedule a hearing for purposes of reviewing the claimant's claim,
         which hearing shall take place not more than thirty (30) days from the
         date on which the Plan Administrator or Appeals Fiduciary received such
         written application for review.

                  12.6     At least ten (10) days prior to the scheduled
         hearing, the claimant and his representative designated in writing by
         him, if any, shall receive written notice of the date, time, and place
         of such scheduled hearing. The claimant or his representative, if any,
         may request that the hearing be rescheduled, for his convenience, on
         another reasonable date or at another reasonable time or place.

                  12.7     All claimants requesting a review of the decision
         denying their claim for benefits may employ counsel for purposes of the
         hearing.

                  12.8     No later than sixty (60) days (forty-five (45) days
         with respect to a claim for benefits due to the Member's Disability)
         following the receipt of the written application for review, the Plan
         Administrator or the Appeals Fiduciary, as applicable, shall submit its
         decision on the review in writing to the claimant involved and to his
         representative, if any, unless the Plan Administrator or Appeals
         Fiduciary determines that special circumstances (such as the need to
         hold a hearing) require an extension of time, to a day no later than
         one hundred twenty (120) days (ninety (90) days with respect to a claim
         for benefits due to the Member's Disability) after the date of receipt
         of the written application for review. If the Plan Administrator or
         Appeals Fiduciary determines that the extension of time is required,
         the Plan Administrator or Appeals Fiduciary shall furnish to the
         claimant written notice of the extension before the expiration of the
         initial sixty (60) day (forty-five (45) days with respect to a claim
         for benefits due to the Member's Disability) period. The extension
         notice shall indicate the special


                                       8

<PAGE>

         circumstances requiring an extension of time and the date by which the
         Plan Administrator or Appeals Fiduciary expects to render its decision
         on review. In the case of a decision adverse to the claimant, the Plan
         Administrator or Appeals Fiduciary shall provide to the claimant
         written notice of the denial which shall include:

                           (a)      the specific reasons for the decision;

                           (b)      specific references to the pertinent
                  provisions of the Plan on which the decision is based;

                           (c)      a statement that the claimant is entitled to
                  receive, upon request and free of charge, reasonable access
                  to, and copies of, all documents, records, and other
                  information relevant to the claimant's claim for benefits;

                           (d)      an explanation of the Plan's claim review
                  procedures, and the time limits applicable to such procedures,
                  including a statement of the claimant's right to bring an
                  action under Section 502(a) of ERISA following the denial of
                  the claim upon review;

                           (e)      in the case of a claim for benefits due to
                  the Member's Disability, if an internal rule, guideline,
                  protocol or other similar criterion is relied upon in making
                  the adverse determination, either the specific rule,
                  guideline, protocol or other similar criterion; or a statement
                  that such rule, guideline, protocol or other similar criterion
                  was relied upon in making the decision and that a copy of such
                  rule, guideline, protocol or other similar criterion will be
                  provided free of charge upon request;

                           (f)      in the case of a claim for benefits due to a
                  Member's Disability, if a denial of the claim is based on a
                  medical necessity or experimental treatment or similar
                  exclusion or limit, an explanation of the scientific or
                  clinical judgment for the denial, an explanation applying the
                  terms of the Plan to the claimant's medical circumstances or a
                  statement that such explanation will be provided free of
                  charge upon request; and

                           (g)      in the case of a claim for benefits due to a
                  Member's Disability, a statement regarding the availability of
                  other voluntary alternative dispute resolution options."

         17.      By deleting the existing Section 19 and substituting the
following:

                                   "SECTION 19
                      INCORPORATION OF SPECIAL LIMITATIONS

                  Appendices A, B, C, D, and E to the Plan, attached hereto, are
         incorporated by reference and the provisions of the same shall apply
         notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein."


                                       9

<PAGE>

         18.      By deleting the existing last sentence of the first paragraph
of Section 3 of Appendix A in its entirety.

         19.      By deleting the existing Section 4 of Appendix A and
substituting the following.

                  "The Plan Administrator shall have the responsibility of
         monitoring the Plan's compliance with the limitations of this Appendix
         A and shall have the power to take all steps it deems necessary or
         appropriate to ensure compliance, including, without limitation,
         restricting the amount which Highly Compensated Eligible Members can
         elect to have contributed pursuant to Plan Section 3.1(a). Any actions
         taken by the Plan Administrator pursuant to this Section 4 shall be
         pursuant to non-discriminatory procedures consistently applied."

         20.      By deleting the existing third and fourth sentences of the
last paragraph of Section 5 of Appendix A and substituting the following:

                  "The `contribution percentage' for Highly Compensated Eligible
         Members and for all other Eligible Members for a Plan Year shall be the
         average of the ratios, calculated separately for each Member, of (A) to
         (B), where (A) is the amount of Matching Contributions under the Plan
         (excluding Qualified Matching Contributions which are used to apply the
         test set forth in Section 2 of this Appendix A) and nondeductible
         employee contributions made under the Plan for the Eligible Member for
         the Plan Year, and where (B) is the Annual Compensation of the Eligible
         Member for the Plan Year."

         21.      By deleting the existing last sentence of the first paragraph
of Section 6 of Appendix A in its entirety.

         22.      By deleting the existing Section 1 of Appendix B and
substituting the following:

                  "Except to the extent permitted under Plan Section 3.1(c) and
         Code Section 414(v), if applicable, the `annual addition' for any
         Member for any one limitation year may not exceed the lesser of:

                  (a)      $40,000, as adjusted under Code Section 415(d); or

                  (b)      100% of the Member's Annual Compensation.

                  The limit described in Subsection (b) shall not apply to any
         contribution for medical benefits after separation from service (within
         the meaning of Code Section 401(h) or 419A(f)(2)) which is otherwise
         treated as an annual addition."

         23.      By deleting the existing Section 2 of Appendix B and
substituting the following:

                  "For the purposes of this Appendix B, the term `annual
         addition' for any Member means for any limitation year, the sum of
         certain Plan Sponsor, Affiliate, and Member contributions, forfeitures,
         and other amounts as determined in Code Section 415(c)(2) in effect for
         that limitation year. Member contributions shall be determined without
         regard


                                       10

<PAGE>

         to Rollover Amounts, employee contributions to a simplified employee
         pension which are excludable from gross income under Code Section
         401(k)(6), and catch-up contributions as described in Code Section
         414(v)."

         24.      By adding the following new paragraph to the end of Section 6
of Appendix B:

                  "Notwithstanding anything contained in the Plan to the
         contrary, the Plan Administrator may modify the provisions of this
         Section 6 with respect to reduction of Member's Accounts in accordance
         with such procedures as the Plan Administrator may establish with
         respect to catch-up contributions described in Code Section 414(v)."

         25.      By deleting the existing Section 1(b) of Appendix C and
substituting the following:

                           "(b)     `Key Employee' means an Employee or former
                  Employee (including a Beneficiary of a Key Employee or former
                  Key Employee) who at any time during the Plan Year containing
                  the Determination Date was:

                                    (1)      an officer of the Plan Sponsor or
                           any Affiliate whose Annual Compensation was greater
                           than $130,000 (as adjusted for changes in the cost of
                           living as provided in regulations issued by the
                           Secretary of the Treasury for Plan Years beginning
                           after December 31, 2002) for the calendar year in
                           which the Plan Year ends, where the term `officer'
                           means an administrative executive in regular and
                           continual service to the Plan Sponsor or an
                           Affiliate; provided, however, that in no event shall
                           the number of officers exceed the lesser of (A) fifty
                           (50) employees; or (B) the greater of (I) three (3)
                           employees or (II) ten percent (10%) of the number of
                           Employees during the Plan Year, with any non-integer
                           being increased to the next integer. If for any year,
                           no officer of the Plan Sponsor meets the requirements
                           of this Subparagraph (1), the highest paid officer of
                           the Plan Sponsor for the Plan Year shall be
                           considered an officer for purposes of this
                           Subparagraph (1);

                                    (2)      an owner of more than five percent
                           (5%) of the outstanding stock of the Plan Sponsor or
                           an Affiliate or more than five percent (5%) of the
                           total combined voting power of all stock of the Plan
                           Sponsor or an Affiliate; or

                                    (3)      an owner of more than one percent
                           (1%) of the outstanding stock of the Plan Sponsor or
                           an Affiliate or more than one percent (1%) of the
                           total combined voting power of all stock of the Plan
                           Sponsor or an Affiliate, and who in such Plan Year
                           had Annual Compensation from the Plan Sponsor and all
                           of its Affiliates of more than $150,000.


                                       11

<PAGE>

                           For purposes of determining ownership under
                  Subsections (2) and (3) above, the rules set forth in Code
                  Section 318(a)(2) shall be applied as follows (i) in the case
                  of any Plan Sponsor or Affiliate which is a corporation, by
                  substituting five percent (5%) for fifty percent (50%) and,
                  (ii) in the case of any Plan Sponsor or Affiliate which is not
                  a corporation, ownership shall be determined in accordance
                  with Treasury Regulations which shall be based on principles
                  similar to the principles of Code Section 318 (modified as
                  described in Clause (i) above).

                           Employees other than Key Employees are sometimes
                  referred to in this Appendix C as `non-key employees.'"

         26.      By deleting the existing Subsection (d)(1)(A)(i) of Section 1
of Appendix C and substituting the following:

                                    "(i)     the present value of the cumulative
                           Accrued Benefits (excluding catch-up contributions as
                           described in Code Section 414(v) made in the Plan
                           Year in which the determination is being made) under
                           the Plan for all Key Employees exceeds sixty percent
                           (60%) of the present value of the cumulative Accrued
                           Benefits (excluding catch-up contributions as
                           described in Code Section 414(v) for the current Plan
                           Year) under the Plan for all Members; and"

         27.      By deleting the existing Subsection (d)(3)(C) of Section 1 of
Appendix C and substituting the following:

                           "(C)     For purposes of determining the present
                  value of the cumulative accrued benefit under a plan for any
                  Member in accordance with this Subsection, the present value
                  shall be increased by the aggregate distributions made with
                  respect to the Member (including distributions paid on account
                  of death to the extent they do not exceed the present value of
                  the cumulative accrued benefit existing immediately prior to
                  death) under each plan being considered, and under any
                  terminated plan which if it had not been terminated would have
                  been in a Required Aggregation Group with the Plan, during the
                  one-year period ending on the Determination Date or the last
                  day of the Plan Year that falls within the calendar year in
                  which the Determination Date falls. In the case of a
                  distribution made with respect to a Member made for a reason
                  other than separation from service, death, or disability, this
                  provision shall applied by substituting a five-year period for
                  the one-year period."

         28.      By deleting the existing Subsection (d)(3)(F) of Section 1 of
Appendix C and substituting the following:

                           "(F)     For purposes of this Paragraph (3), if any
                  Employee has not performed any service for a Plan Sponsor or
                  an Affiliate maintaining the Plan during the one-year period
                  ending on the Determination Date, any accrued benefit for that
                  Employee shall not be taken into account."


                                       12

<PAGE>

         29.      By deleting the existing header language of Subsection (b) of
Section 2 of Appendix C and substituting the following:

                           "(b)     The percentage referred to in Subsection (a)
                  of this Section for any Plan Year shall not exceed the
                  percentage at which allocations are made or are required to be
                  made under the Plan for the Plan Year for the Key Employee for
                  whom the percentage is highest for a Plan Year. For purposes
                  of this Paragraph, an allocation to the Account of a Key
                  Employee resulting from any Plan Sponsor contribution
                  attributable to a salary reduction or similar agreement shall
                  be taken into account but allocations of catch-up
                  contributions as described in Code Section 414(v) shall not be
                  taken into account."

         30.      Effective as of January 1, 2003, by adding the following
Appendix E:

                                   "APPENDIX E
                        MINIMUM DISTRIBUTION REQUIREMENTS

                                    SECTION 1
                                  GENERAL RULES

                  (a)      Effective Date and Precedence. The provisions of this
         Appendix E will apply for purposes of determining required minimum
         distributions for calendar years beginning with the 2003 calendar year.
         The requirements of this Appendix E will take precedence over any
         inconsistent provisions of the Plan.

                  (b)      Requirements of Treasury Regulations Incorporated.
         All distributions required under this Section will be determined and
         made in accordance with the Treasury Regulations under Code Section
         401(a)(9).

                  (c)      TEFRA Section 242(b)(2) Elections. Notwithstanding
         the other provisions of this Appendix E, distributions may be made
         under a designation made before January 1, 1984, in accordance with
         Section 242(b)(2) of the Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act
         (TEFRA) and the provisions of the Plan that relate to Section 242(b)(2)
         of TEFRA.

                                    SECTION 2
                         TIME AND MANNER OF DISTRIBUTION

                  (a)      Required Beginning Date. The Member's entire interest
         will be distributed, or begin to be distributed, to the Member no later
         than the Member's Required Beginning Date.

                  (b)      Death of Member Before Distributions Begin. If the
         Member dies before distributions begin, the Member's entire interest
         will be distributed, or begin to be distributed, no later than as
         follows:

                           (1)      If the Member's surviving spouse is the
                  Member's sole Designated Beneficiary, then, distributions to
                  the surviving spouse will begin by December


                                       13

<PAGE>

                  31 of the calendar year immediately following the calendar
                  year in which the Member died, or by December 31 of the
                  calendar year in which the Member would have attained age
                  70-1/2, if later.

                           (2)      If the Member's surviving spouse is not the
                  Member's sole Designated Beneficiary, then, distributions to
                  the Designated Beneficiary will begin by December 31 of the
                  calendar year immediately following the calendar year in which
                  the Member died.

                           (3)      If there is no Designated Beneficiary as of
                  September 30 of the year following the year of the Member's
                  death, the Member's entire interest will be distributed by
                  December 31 of the calendar year containing the fifth
                  anniversary of the Member's death.

                           (4)      If the Member's surviving spouse is the
                  Member's sole Designated Beneficiary and the surviving spouse
                  dies after the Member but before distributions to the
                  surviving spouse begin, this Section 2(b), other than Section
                  2(b)(1) of this Appendix E, will apply as if the surviving
                  spouse were the Member.

                  For purposes of this Section 2(b) and Section 4 of this
         Appendix E, unless Section 2(b)(4) of this Appendix E applies,
         distributions are considered to begin on the Member's Required
         Beginning Date. If Section 2(b) of this Appendix E applies,
         distributions are considered to begin on the date distributions are
         required to begin to the surviving spouse under Section 2(b)(1) of this
         Appendix E. If distributions under an annuity purchased from an
         insurance company irrevocably commence to the Member before the
         Member's Required Beginning Date (or to the Member's surviving spouse
         before the date distributions are required to begin to the surviving
         spouse under Section 2(b)(1)), the date distributions are considered to
         begin is the date distributions actually commence.

                  (c)      Forms of Distribution. Unless the Member's interest
         is distributed in the form of an annuity purchased from an insurance
         company or in a single sum on or before the Required Beginning Date, as
         of the first Distribution Calendar Year, distributions will be made in
         accordance with Sections 3 and 4 of this Appendix E. If the Member's
         interest is distributed in the form of an annuity purchased from an
         insurance company, distributions thereunder will be made in accordance
         with the requirements of Code Section 401(a)(9) and the regulations
         issued thereunder.

                                    SECTION 3
             REQUIRED MINIMUM DISTRIBUTIONS DURING MEMBER'S LIFETIME

                  (a)      Amount of Required Minimum Distribution For Each
         Distribution Calendar Year. During the Member's lifetime, the minimum
         amount that will be distributed for each Distribution Calendar Year is
         the lesser of:

                           (1)      the quotient obtained by dividing the
                  Member's Account Balance by the distribution period in the
                  Uniform Lifetime Table set forth in Section


                                       14

<PAGE>

                  1.401(a)(9)-9 of the Treasury Regulations, using the Member's
                  age as of the Member's birthday in the Distribution Calendar
                  Year; or

                           (2)      if the Member's sole Designated Beneficiary
                  for the Distribution Calendar Year is the Member's spouse, the
                  quotient obtained by dividing the Member's Account Balance by
                  the number in the Joint and Last Survivor Table set forth in
                  Section 1.401(a)(9)-9 of the Treasury Regulations, using the
                  Member's and spouse's attained ages as of the Member's and
                  spouse's birthdays in the Distribution Calendar Year.

                  (b)      Lifetime Required Minimum Distributions Continue
         Through Year of Member's Death. Required minimum distributions will be
         determined under this Section 3 beginning with the first Distribution
         Calendar Year and up to and including the Distribution Calendar Year
         that includes the Member's date of death.

                                    SECTION 4
               REQUIRED MINIMUM DISTRIBUTIONS AFTER MEMBER'S DEATH

                  (a)      Death On or After Date Distributions Begin.

                           (1)      Member Survived by Designated Beneficiary.
                  If the Member dies on or after the date distributions begin
                  and there is a Designated Beneficiary, the minimum amount that
                  will be distributed for each Distribution Calendar Year after
                  the year of the Member's death is the quotient obtained by
                  dividing the Member's Account Balance by the longer of the
                  remaining Life Expectancy of the Member or the remaining Life
                  Expectancy of the Member's Designated Beneficiary, determined
                  as follows:

                                    (i)      The Member's remaining Life
                           Expectancy is calculated using the age of the Member
                           in the year of death, reduced by one for each
                           subsequent year.

                                    (ii)     If the Member's surviving spouse is
                           the Member's sole Designated Beneficiary, the
                           remaining Life Expectancy of the surviving spouse is
                           calculated for each Distribution Calendar Year after
                           the year of the Member's death using the surviving
                           spouse's age as of the spouse's birthday in that
                           year. For Distribution Calendar Years after the year
                           of the surviving spouse's death, the remaining Life
                           Expectancy of the surviving spouse is calculated
                           using the age of the surviving spouse as of the
                           spouse's birthday in the calendar year of the
                           spouse's death, reduced by one for each subsequent
                           calendar year.

                                    (iii)    If the Member's surviving spouse is
                           not the Member's sole Designated Beneficiary, the
                           Designated Beneficiary's remaining Life Expectancy is
                           calculated using the age of the Designated
                           Beneficiary in the year following the year of the
                           Member's death, reduced by one for each subsequent
                           year.


                                       15

<PAGE>

                           (2)      No Designated Beneficiary. If the Member
                  dies on or after the date distributions begin and there is no
                  Designated Beneficiary as of September 30 of the year after
                  the year of the Member's death, the minimum amount that will
                  be distributed for each Distribution Calendar Year after the
                  year of the Member's death is the quotient obtained by
                  dividing the Member's Account Balance by the Member's
                  remaining Life Expectancy calculated using the age of the
                  Member in the year of death, reduced by one for each
                  subsequent year.

                  (b)      Death Before Date Distributions Begin.

                           (1)      Member Survived by Designated Beneficiary.
                  If the Member dies before the date distributions begin and
                  there is a Designated Beneficiary, the minimum amount that
                  will be distributed for each Distribution Calendar Year after
                  the year of the Member's death is the quotient obtained by
                  dividing the Member's Account Balance by the remaining Life
                  Expectancy of the Member's Designated Beneficiary, determined
                  as provided in Section 4(a).

                           (2)      No Designated Beneficiary. If the Member
                  dies before the date distributions begin and there is no
                  Designated Beneficiary as of September 30 of the year
                  following the year of the Member's death, distribution of the
                  Member's entire interest will be completed by December 31 of
                  the calendar year containing the fifth anniversary of the
                  Member's death.

                           (3)      Death of Surviving Spouse Before
                  Distributions to Surviving Spouse Are Required to Begin. If
                  the Member dies before the date distributions begin, the
                  Member's surviving spouse is the Member's sole Designated
                  Beneficiary, and the surviving spouse dies before
                  distributions are required to begin to the surviving spouse
                  under Section 2(b)(1) of this Appendix E, this Section (b)
                  will apply as if the surviving spouse were the Member.

                                    SECTION 5
                                   DEFINITIONS

         As used in this Appendix E, the following words and phrases shall have
the meaning set forth below:

                  (a)      Designated Beneficiary. The individual who is
         designated as the Beneficiary under Section 1.6 of the Plan and is the
         designated Beneficiary under Section 401(a)(9) of the Internal Revenue
         Code and Section 1.401(a)(9)-1, Q&A-4, of the Treasury Regulations.

                  (b)      Distribution Calendar Year. A calendar year for which
         a minimum distribution is required. For distributions beginning before
         the Member's death, the first distribution calendar year is the
         calendar year immediately preceding the calendar year which contains
         the Member's Required Beginning Date. For distributions beginning after
         the Member's death, the first distribution calendar year is the
         calendar year in which distributions are required to begin under
         Section 2(b). The required minimum distribution for the Member's first
         distribution calendar year will be made on or before the Member's


                                       16

<PAGE>

         Required Beginning Date. The required minimum distribution for other
         distribution calendar years, including the required minimum
         distribution for the distribution calendar year in which the Member's
         Required Beginning Date occurs, will be made on or before December 31
         of that distribution calendar year.

                  (c)      Life Expectancy. Life expectancy as computed by use
         of the Single Life Table in Section 1.401(a)(9)-9 of the Treasury
         Regulations.

                  (d)      Member's Account Balance. The Account balance as of
         the last Valuation Date in the calendar year immediately preceding the
         Distribution Calendar Year ("Valuation Calendar Year") increased by the
         amount of any contributions made and allocated or forfeitures allocated
         to the Account balance as of dates in the Valuation Calendar Year after
         the Valuation Date and decreased by distributions made in the Valuation
         Calendar Year after the Valuation Date. The Account balance for the
         Valuation Calendar Year includes any amounts rolled over or transferred
         to the Plan either in the Valuation Calendar Year or in the
         Distribution Calendar Year if distributed or transferred in the
         Valuation Calendar Year.

                  (e)      Required Beginning Date. The date specified in
         Section 9.5(c) of the Plan."

         Except as specifically amended hereby, the Plan shall remain in full
force and effect prior to this Fifth Amendment.

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Primary Sponsor has caused this Fifth Amendment
to be executed on the day and year first above written.



                                       PER-SE TECHNOLOGIES, INC.



                                       By: /s/ PHILIP M. PEAD
                                          --------------------------------------
                                          Philip M. Pead
                                          President and Chief Executive Officer

[CORPORATE SEAL]

ATTEST:



By: /s/ PAUL J. QUINER
   ------------------------------
   Paul J. Quiner
   Corporate Secretary


                                       17

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
