<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>exhibit10_13.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.13
<TEXT>

                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.13



              DESCRIPTION OF AMERICAN MEDICAL SECURITY GROUP, INC.
                     EXECUTIVE MANAGEMENT INCENTIVE PROGRAM
                           (Effective January 1, 2002)

PURPOSE. The purpose of the American Medical Security Group, Inc. Executive
Management Incentive Program (the "Program") is to (i) provide motivation for
executives to attain and maintain the highest standards of performance, (ii)
attract and retain executives of outstanding competence, (iii) maintain a
competitive compensation package for highly motivated key management employees
and, (iv) direct the energies of executives toward the achievement of the
attainment of corporate goals and objectives.

ELIGIBILITY AND PARTICIPATION. All executive officers of the Company are
eligible to participate in the Program. Based on the recommendation of the Chief
Executive Officer (the "CEO"), the Compensation Committee (the "Committee") of
the Board of Directors of American Medical Security Group, Inc. determines who
will participate in the Program.

ADMINISTRATION AND INTERPRETATION. The Program is administered by the Committee.
Action taken by the Committee in the administration and interpretation of the
Program is final and binding on all concerned. The Committee maintains overall
responsibility for the Program and is given complete discretion to administer
the Program and to interpret and/or modify all terms and conditions of the
Program.

PROGRAM FEATURES. For each Program year, the Committee establishes one or more
specified percentages of base salary ("Target Bonus"), to be used to calculate
awards under the Program based on individual performance. The Committee also
establishes a range of adjustments to the Target Bonus, to be used for varying
levels of individual performance.

The percentage of Target Bonus achieved for individual performance is a function
of a discretionary evaluation of the performance of the individual executive.
After each Program year, the CEO provides the Committee with an overall
performance evaluation for each Participant, other than himself, and recommends
bonus award levels. The Committee uses this evaluation in determining the amount
of a Participant's bonus award.

Bonus awards for the senior sales and marketing executive also may be determined
based on an annual new business performance, or other sales measure, which may
vary from year to year.

PAYMENT OF BONUS AWARDS. Bonus awards under the Program are paid in cash
promptly following approval of the bonus award amounts by the Committee
(generally paid in February).

Bonus awards are not considered as compensation in calculating any insurance,
profit-sharing, retirement, or other benefit for which the recipient is eligible
unless any such insurance, profit-sharing, retirement or other benefit is
granted under a plan which expressly provides that incentive compensation is
considered as compensation under such plan.

There is no requirement that the maximum amount available for bonus awards in
any year be awarded.


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
