<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.11
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>b323865ex_10-11.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                                                   Exhibit 10.11


                              EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT


        THIS AGREEMENT, dated June 29th, 2001 is made by and between Kimco
Realty Corporation (the "Company"), a Maryland corporation, and Raymond Edwards
(the "Executive").


RECITALS:

        A.     It is the desire of the Company to assure itself of the
               management services of the Executive by engaging the Executive as
               a Vice President of the Company.

        B.     The Executive desires to commit himself to serve the Company on
               the terms herein provided.

        NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and of the respective
covenants and agreements set forth below the parties hereto agree as follows:


1      Certain Definitions.

       (a) "Base Salary" is defined in Section 5(a).

       (b) "Benefits" is defined in Section 5(e).

       (c) "Bonus" is defined in Section 5(b).

       (d) "Calendar Quarter" shall mean each of the three-month periods ending
March 31, June 30, September 30 and December 31 of each year.

       (e) "Cause" For purposes of this Agreement, the Company shall have
"Cause" to terminate the Executive's employment hereunder upon (i) a reasonable
finding by the Board that he has materially harmed the Company through a
material act of dishonesty in the performance of his duties hereunder, (ii) his
conviction of a felony, or (iii) his failure to perform his material duties
under this Agreement (other than a failure due to disability) after written
notice from the Board of Directors of the Company specifying the failure and a
reasonable opportunity (of at least 30 days duration) to cure (it being
understood that if his failure to perform is not of a type requiring a single
action to cure fully, that he may commence the cure within 30 days after such
written notice and thereafter diligently prosecute such cure to completion).

       (f) "Disability" shall mean the absence of the Executive from the
Executive's duties to the Company on a full-time basis for a total of 16 weeks
during any 12 month period as a result of incapacity due to mental or physical
illness which is determined to be total and permanent by a physician selected by
the Company and acceptable to the Executive or the Executive's legal
representative.

       (g) "Effective Date" shall mean July 31, 2001.

<PAGE>

       (h) "Good Reason" shall mean the Company's breach of any material term of
this Agreement including the second sentence of Section 10.

       (i) "Stock Options" is defined in Section 5(c).

       (j) "Term of Employment" is defined in Section 2.

       2 Employment. The Company shall employ the Executive, and the Executive
shall enter the employ of the Company, in the position set forth in Section 3
and upon the other terms and conditions herein provided. Unless sooner
terminated as provided herein, this Agreement and the term of employment
hereunder (the "Term of Employment") shall commence on the Effective Date and
expire on the fifth anniversary of such date, provided that the Term of
Employment shall automatically be extended in successive one year terms unless
either party hereto gives written notice of non-extension to the other (pursuant
to Section 13) no later than six months prior to the end of the otherwise
applicable term.

               (a) The Executive is entitled to fulfill all prior obligations
               with his previous employer, Schottenstein Bernstein Capital
               Group. Once these obligations are completed, Executive will
               accept no further assignments and devote full-time to Kimco
               Realty Corporation. Receipt of any money from SBCG on account of
               such prior obligations is permissible.

       3 Position. During the Term of Employment, the Executive shall serve as a
Vice President of the Company.

       4 Place of Performance. In connection with his employment during the Term
of Employment, the Executive shall be based at the Company's principal executive
offices in New Hyde Park, NY, or such other location as shall be agreed between
the Executive and the Company. During the term of employment, the main office of
The Company shall be in Nassau County, New York.

       5 Compensation and Related Matters.

              (a) Base Salary. During the Term of Employment the Executive shall
       receive a base salary ("Base Salary") at a rate of $350,000 per annum (or
       such greater amount as shall be determined by the Company's Chief
       Executive Officer in conjunction with the Board of Directors), payable
       monthly or more frequently in accordance with the Company's practice as
       applied to other senior executives. Such base salary shall be reviewed at
       least annually.

              (b) Bonus. Provided that Executive remains employed hereunder on
       such dates, on each annual anniversary of the Effective Date, Executive
       shall become entitled to receive a cash bonus (the "Guaranteed Bonus") at
       the minimum amount of $50,000 (or such greater amount as shall be
       determined by the Company's Chief Executive Officer in conjunction with
       the Board of Directors). The total "Guaranteed Bonus" during the Term of
       Agreement (and the Executive remains employed hereunder) shall be not
       less than $350,000.



2
<PAGE>

              (c) Equity Compensation. Executive shall be eligible to be granted
       options with respect to the Company's common stock ("Stock Options")
       pursuant to an agreement under the Stock Option Plan for Key Employees
       and Outside Directors of Kimco Realty Corporation (the "Option Plan").
       The amount, terms and conditions of any such grant shall be determined in
       the sole discretion of the Company's Board of Directors or committee
       thereof. Executive shall initially be granted 2,500 shares of the
       Company's common stock. Additionally, the Executive shall receive 75,000
       Stock Options of the Company's common stock. The Stock Options with
       respect to a maximum of 25,000 of these shares shall be granted with
       intent that they qualify as "incentive stock options" as defined in
       Section 422 (b) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 as amended.

              (d) Automobile Allowance. Executive shall be entitled to an
       automobile allowance, in accordance with the Company's regular policies
       in connection therewith, in the amount of $700 per month.

              (e) Benefits. During the Term of Employment, the Executive shall
       be entitled to participate in or receive benefits under the employee
       benefit plans (including health, welfare and insurance plans) and other
       arrangements made available by the Company to its senior employees
       generally (collectively "Benefits"), subject to and on a basis consistent
       with the terms, conditions and overall administration of such plans or
       arrangements.

              (f) Business Expenses. The Company shall promptly reimburse the
       Executive for all reasonable travel and other business expenses incurred
       by the Executive in the performance of his duties to the Company
       hereunder.

              (g) No Waiver. The Executive shall also be entitled to such other
       benefits or terms of employment as are provided by law.

       6 Termination. The Executive's employment hereunder may be terminated by
the Company or the Executive, as applicable, without any breach of this
Agreement only under the following circumstances:

              (a) Death. The Executive's employment hereunder shall terminate
        upon his death.

              (b) Disability. If the Company determines in good faith that the
       Disability of the Executive has occurred during the Term of Employment,
       the Company may give the Executive written notice of its intention to
       terminate the Executive's employment. In such event, the Executive's
       employment with the Company shall terminate effective on the 30th day
       after receipt of such notice by the Executive, provided that within the
       30 days after such receipt, the Executive shall not have returned to
       full-time performance of his duties. The Executive shall continue to
       receive his Base Salary and Benefits until the date of termination.



3
<PAGE>

       This subsection 6(b) shall not limit the entitlement of the Executive,
       his estate or beneficiaries to any disability or other benefits then
       available to the Executive under any disability insurance or other
       benefit plan or policy which is maintained by the Company for the
       Executive's benefit.

              (c) Cause. The Company may terminate the Executive's employment
       hereunder for Cause.

              (d) Without Cause. The Company may terminate the Executive's
       employment hereunder without Cause upon thirty days notice. The giving of
       a notice of non-extension as described in Section 2 shall not be deemed
       to constitute a termination without Cause.

              (e) For Good Reason. The Executive may resign his employment upon
       thirty days notice for Good Reason as defined in Section 1(h).

              (f) Notice of Termination. Any termination of the Executive's
       employment hereunder (other than by reason of the Executive's death)
       shall be communicated by a notice of termination to the other parties
       hereto. For purposes of this Agreement, a "notice of termination" shall
       mean a written notice which (i) indicates the specific termination
       provision in the Agreement relied upon, (ii) sets forth in reasonable
       detail any facts and circumstances claimed to provide a basis for
       termination of the Executive's employment under the provision indicated
       and (iii) specifies the effective date of the termination.

       7 Benefits upon Termination of Employment.

              (a) Termination upon Death or Disability: If the Executive's
       employment shall terminate by reason of his death (pursuant to Section
       6(a)) or by reason of his Disability (pursuant to Section 6(b)), the
       Company shall continue to pay to, or on behalf of, the Executive his Base
       Salary at the time of his Death or Disability and Guaranteed Bonus and to
       make all necessary payments for and provide all Benefits to the Executive
       under this Agreement pursuant to Section 5(e) until the effective date of
       his termination and any Stock Options of Executive shall become fully
       vested as of such effective date of termination.

              (b) Termination without Cause: If the Executive's employment shall
       terminate without Cause (pursuant to Section 6(d)) or for Good Reason
       (pursuant to Section 6(e)),

              (i) the Company shall continue, on its regular payroll dates, to
       pay the Executive his Base Salary at the time of his termination without
       cause and Guaranteed Bonus and to make all necessary payments for and
       provide all Benefits to the Executive under this Agreement for a period
       from the effective date of his termination of employment equal to the
       greater of



                                       4
<PAGE>

              (A) the duration of the remaining Term of Employment (without
              extension) and

              (B) one year; and

              (ii) any Stock Options of Executive which have not become vested
       and have not otherwise expired as of such date of termination, shall
       thereupon become vested and exercisable.

              (c) Other Terminations of Employment: Should the Executive's
       employment hereunder terminate by reason of expiration of the Term of
       Employment or for any other reason not set forth in subsections (a) - (b)
       above, then any Stock Options not then vested shall be forfeited and the
       Company shall have no other obligation of any kind hereunder to the
       Executive, except to the extent that any obligation to the Executive
       hereunder remains unpaid.

       8 Survival. The expiration or termination of the Term of Employment shall
not impair the rights or obligations of any party hereto which shall have
accrued hereunder prior to such expiration.

       9 Disputes. Any dispute or controversy arising under, out of, in
connection with or in relation to this Agreement shall, at the election and upon
written demand of any party to this Agreement, be finally determined and settled
by arbitration in Garden City, New York in accordance with the rules and
procedures of the American Arbitration Association, and judgment upon the award
may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof.

               The prevailing party in any such proceeding shall be entitled to
collect from the other party, all legal fees and expenses reasonably incurred in
connection therewith.

       10 Binding on Successors. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure
to the benefit of the Company, the Executive and their respective successors,
assigns, personnel and legal representatives, executors, administrators, heirs,
distributees, devisees, and legatees, as applicable. The Company shall cause any
successor to all or substantially all of its assets or business to assume this
Agreement.

       11 Governing Law. This Agreement is being made and executed in and is
intended to be performed in the State of New York, and shall be governed,
construed, interpreted and enforced in accordance with the substantive laws of
the State of New York without regard to its choice of law rules.

       12 Validity. The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision or
provisions of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of
any other provision of this Agreement, which shall remain in full force and
effect.



5
<PAGE>

       13 Notices. Any notice, request, claim, demand, document and other
communication hereunder to any party shall be effective upon receipt (or refusal
of receipt) and shall be in writing and delivered personally or sent, by telex,
telecopy, facsimile transmission, or certified or registered mail, postage
prepaid, as follows:

        If to the Company, addressed to:

               3333 New Hyde Park Rd.
               New Hyde Park, NY 11042
               Att: Vice President of Human Resources

       If to the Executive, to him at the address set forth below under his
signature;

or at any other address as any party shall have specified by notice in writing
to the other parties in accordance herewith.

       14 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in several counterparts,
each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which together will
constitute one and the same Agreement.

       15 Entire Agreement. The terms of this Agreement are intended by the
parties to be the final expression of their agreement with respect to the
employment of the Executive by the Company and may not be contradicted by
evidence of any prior or contemporaneous agreement. The parties further intend
that this Agreement shall constitute the complete and exclusive statement of its
terms and that no extrinsic evidence whatsoever may be introduced in any
judicial, administrative, or other legal proceeding to vary the terms of this
Agreement.

       16 Amendments; Waivers. This Agreement may not be modified, amended, or
terminated except by an instrument in writing, signed by the Executive and a
disinterested director of the Company. By an instrument in writing similarly
executed, the Executive or the Company may waive compliance by the other party
with any provision of this Agreement that such other party was or is obligated
to comply with or perform, provided, however, that such waiver shall not operate
as a waiver of, or estoppel with respect to, any other or subsequent failure. No
failure to exercise and no delay in exercising any right, remedy, or power
hereunder shall preclude any other or further exercise of any other right,
remedy, or power provided herein or by law or in equity.

       17 No Effect on Other Contractual Rights. Notwithstanding Section 6, the
provisions of this Agreement, and any other payment provided for hereunder,
shall not reduce any amounts otherwise payable to the Executive under any other
agreement between the Executive and the Company, or in any way diminish the
Executive's rights under any employee benefit plan, program or arrangement of
the Company to which he may be entitled as an employee of the Company. Upon the
execution hereof the Original Agreement shall be of no further force or effect.



6
<PAGE>

       18 No Inconsistent Actions; Cooperation.

              (a) The parties hereto shall not voluntarily undertake or fail to
       undertake any action or course of action inconsistent with the provisions
       or essential intent of this Agreement. Furthermore, it is the intent of
       the parties hereto to act in a fair and reasonable manner with respect to
       the interpretation and application of the provisions of this Agreement.

              (b) Each of the parties hereto shall cooperate and take such
       actions, and execute such other documents as may be reasonably requested
       by the other in order to carry out the provisions and purposes of this
       Agreement.

       19 No Alienation of Benefits. To the extent permitted by law the benefits
provided by this Agreement shall not be subject to garnishment, attachment or
any other legal process by the creditors of the Executive, his beneficiary or
his estate.

       20 Indemnification. The Company shall provide indemnification to the
Executive to the maximum extent permitted by the Company's corporate bylaws and
under New York law. Additionally, the Executive will be covered under the
Company's Director's and Officer's liability insurance.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of the date and
year first above written.

                                  KIMCO REALTY CORPORATION,
                                  a Maryland corporation

                                         By: /s/ Milton Cooper
                                             --------------------
                                              Milton Cooper
                                              Chairman and CEO
EXECUTIVE


/s/ Raymond Edwards
Raymond Edwards

Executive's payee pursuant to Section 7(a):

Name    Lauren P. Edwards

Address 37 Morewood Oaks
        Port Washington, NY 11050


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
