<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>d03920exv99w1.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99.1 NEW RELEASE - CLOSING OF MERGER AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                    EXHIBIT 99.1


                              [INFOUSA LETTERHEAD]


                         INFOUSA ACQUIRES YESMAIL, INC.


(Omaha, Neb.) March 3. 2003 --infoUSA Inc. (Nasdaq: IUSA) a leading provider of
proprietary business and consumer databases and sales and marketing solutions,
and Yesmail, Inc., a leading provider of email acquisition and retention
services and a majority-owned operating company of CMGI, Inc. (Nasdaq: CMGI),
today announced that infoUSA acquired Yesmail for cash pursuant to the terms of
a definitive merger agreement on February 28, 2003.

The Yesmail business is comprised of two parts; an email deployment and
automation technology business, located in San Francisco, and an email brokerage
and management business, based in Chicago. Ed Henrich, who has been a senior
executive with Yesmail), will serve as President of the San Francisco
operations. Ed Mallin, President of Walter Karl, infoUSA's List Management and
Brokerage Division, will run the Chicago division of Yesmail.

Vin Gupta, Chairman and CEO of infoUSA, stated, "We are excited about acquiring
Yesmail's automation technology, email brokerage service business and blue chip
client base, all of which perfectly complement and broaden our existing email
management and automation solutions. We intend to quickly integrate Yesmail with
our growing email marketing operations."

George A . McMillan, president and chief executive officer, CMGI, Inc., said, "
CMGI is focusing on fewer businesses where it can sustain market leadership. It
became apparent that Yesmail, as our sole business in email brokerage and
management, would benefit from an alliance with a larger direct marketing
company."

As a result of this transaction, the financial results of Yesmail, including its
net revenues, pro forma operating losses, and cash and cash equivalents
balances, will no longer be included in CMGI's consolidated financial
statements.



<PAGE>



About infoUSA

infoUSA (www.infoUSA.com), founded in 1972, is the leading provider of business
and consumer information products, database marketing services, data processing
services and sales and marketing solutions. Content is the essential ingredient
in every marketing program, and infoUSA has the most comprehensive data in the
industry, and is the only company to own a proprietary database of 250 million
consumers and 14 million businesses under one roof. The infoUSA database powers
the directory services of the top Internet traffic-generating sites, including
Yahoo! (Nasdaq: YHOO) and America Online (NYSE: AOL). Nearly 4 million customers
use infoUSA's products and services to find new customers, grow their sales, and
for other direct marketing, telemarketing, customer analysis and credit
reference purposes. infoUSA headquarters are located at 5711 S. 86th Circle,
Omaha, NE 68127 and can be contacted at (402) 593-4500.

infoUSA Safe Harbor Statement: Statements in this announcement other than
historical data and information constitute forward looking statements that
involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ
materially from those stated or implied by such forward-looking statements. The
potential risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, recent
changes in senior management, the successful integration of recent and future
acquisitions, fluctuations in operating results, failure to successfully carry
out our Internet strategy or to grow our Internet revenue, effects of leverage,
changes in technology and increased competition. More information about
potential factors that could affect the company's business and financial results
is included in the companies' filings with the Securities and Exchange
Commission.


About CMGI

CMGI, Inc. (Nasdaq: CMGI) provides technology and e-commerce solutions that help
businesses market, sell and distribute their products and services. CMGI offers
targeted solutions including industry-leading global supply chain management;
web-based distribution and fulfillment; and enterprise-oriented professional
services. CMGI's corporate headquarters are located at 100 Brickstone Square,
Andover, Mass. 01810. For additional information, see www.cmgi.com.

CMGI and Yesmail Safe Harbor Statement: This release contains forward-looking
statements which address a variety of subjects including, for example, the
expected effects of the sale of Yesmail on CMGI's financial condition and
results of operations and the expected benefits and results of CMGI's continuing
restructuring efforts. The following important factors and uncertainties, among
others, could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in
these forward-looking statements: CMGI's success, including its ability to
decrease its cash burn rate, improve its cash position, grow its businesses and
revenues and reach profitability, depends on its ability to execute on its
business strategy and the continued and increased demand for and market
acceptance of CMGI's and its operating companies' products and services; CMGI
may experience difficulties integrating technologies, operations and personnel
in accordance with its business strategy; and increased competition and
technological changes in the markets in which CMGI competes. For detailed
information about factors that could cause actual results to differ materially
from those described in the forward-looking statements, please refer to CMGI's
filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including CMGI's most
recent Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Forward-looking statements represent
management's current expectations and are inherently uncertain. We do not
undertake any obligation to update forward-looking statements made by us.



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
