<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex10_62.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.6.2
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                                                  Exhibit 10.6.2

                     AMENDMENT NO. 2 TO LICENSING AGREEMENT


         This Amendment No. 2 ("Amendment No. 2) to Licensing Agreement is made
as of 2002, December 10th by and between MedQuist Inc. ("MedQuist"), a New
Jersey corporation with its principal place of business at Five Greentree
Centre, Suit 311, Marlton, NJ 08053, acting on its own behalf and on behalf of
its wholly owned subsidiaries (direct and indirect) and Philips Speech
Processing GmbH ("Philips"), an Austrian corporation, with its registered place
of business at Computerstrasse 6, 1101 Vienna, Austria (MedQuist and Philips,
each a "Party" and, collectively, the "Parties").

                                   WITNESSETH


         WHEREAS, the Parties entered into a Licensing Agreement, dated as of
May 22, 2000, as amended by Amendment No. 1 of January 2002 (as amended, the
"Licensing Agreement") relating to the integration and use of certain Philips
speech recognition technology into MedQuist business; and

         WHEREAS, the Parties desire to amend the Licensing Agreement by
modifying the pricing and fees and expanding the license to include additional
applications subject to the terms and conditions of this Amendment No. 2;

         NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises contained
herein, the Parties agree as follows:

Section.      Definitions.

    (i)    Unless otherwise defined in this Amendment No.2, capitalized terms
           used in this Amendment No. 2 shall have the meanings given to them in
           the Licensing Agreement.

    The following definitions are added to Section 1 of the Licensing Agreement:

    (ii)   Service Bureau Services as defined in Amendment No.1 will be further
           defined as:

           "Service Bureau Services including Correction Services," where the
           correction activity is part of the Service and is done by
           MedQuist; and "ASP with Speech Recognition," where MedQuist does
           not do the Correction.

    (iii)  "In-house solution" is the total software solution including Speech
           Recognition software that helps customers to increase the efficiency
           of the document creation process. Currently MedQuist sells XXXX and
           YYYYY as the in-house solution for Radiology. As part of this
           Amendment No. 2, Philips shall develop an "In-house" solution (iii)
           that is functionally equivalent to those products.

    (iv)   "In house licenses business" is the business model where MedQuist
           sells and implements the in-house solution with the integrated
           Licensed Product within the IT environment of Customer.

    (v)    "Transfer Price" is the price for a product or service to be paid by
           MedQuist to Philips.

Schedule D - Pricing

         The first paragraph of Schedule D to Amendment No. 1 is hereby deleted
and replaced with the following:

    (i)    All License fees shall be based on a per payroll line basis. A
           payroll line is defined as 65 black/white characters. From and after
           December 1, 2002, the license fees for the Licensed Product will be
           as follows:

           o  Service Bureau Service including Correction Services:
<PAGE>

                o   For 2003, the lines fee will be free of charge under the
                    express condition that MedQuist, related to providing
                    Service Bureau Services with Correction Services, achieves
                    its forecast of lines going through its New Transcription
                    Platform ("NTP") using automated speech recognition ("ASR").
                    If MedQuist does not meet its forecast, then MedQuist will
                    pay $1,056,000. Payment will be made at end of the year
                    2003.
                o   For 2004 the same is valid as in 2003. Therefore, if the
                    forecast amount is not met, MedQuist will pay Philips at the
                    end of 2004 the amount of $3,600,000.
                o   If, in 2003 or in 2004, MedQuist does not meet its
                    forecasted lines, then right of first refusal as said in
                    section 2 of Amendment No.1 and related to Service Bureau
                    Service including Correction Services, will be cancelled.
                o   For 2005 and thereafter, a line fee of $0.XXX is agreed for
                    all lines.
                o   The foregoing is subject to the Licensed Product scaling and
                    functioning as part of the NTP in a commercially viable
                    manner at the volume levels set forth in the above
                    contemplated forecasts. If scaling issues inhibit MedQuist's
                    ability to achieve the forecasts, the parties will negotiate
                    in good faith to reach a mutually acceptable compromise.

           o  ASP with Speech Recognition:

                o   For 2003 and 2004 the line fee will be $0.0XX per line. In
                    2005, the line fee will be $0.0XX for all lines.
                o   MedQuist has the right to provide promotional pricing to any
                    client for up to 90 days for ASP with Speech Recognition
                    services. During this time, MedQuist will not be subject to
                    paying Philips a minimum line rate. Instead, for clients
                    receiving promotional pricing, MedQuist will pay Philips 50%
                    of the revenues that it collects as a result of ASP with
                    Speech Recognition. The promotional period for any specific
                    client should not exceed 90-days without Phillips' approval.

           o  "In house licenses business":

                o   Philips will, in cooperation with MedQuist and Philips
                    Medical Systems, develop a Philips in-house solution for the
                    Radiology business based on the requirements and
                    specifications of MedQuist.
                o   Delivery of this in-house solution is planned in Q4 2003.
                    Upon signing of this Agreement, MedQuist and Philips will
                    work in good faith to establish reasonable terms and
                    conditions of a development agreement ("Development
                    Agreement") including milestones, deliverables and other
                    customary terms and conditions for the in-house radiology
                    solution and a payment schedule for any amounts due after
                    the signing of this Agreement.
                o   MedQuist will pay Philips $1.2M in 2003 in instalments based
                    upon the delivery by Philips on jointly agreed milestones.
                    On signing of this Agreement, MedQuist will pay Philips 35%
                    of that amount. The balance shall be payable as agreed upon
                    in the Development Agreement.
                o   Until the Philips In-house solution (the replacement for
                    XXXXX) is available, the Philips Speech engine will be for
                    free under the express condition that it is bundled with
                    XXXX. (This special arrangement does NOT apply to any other
                    vendor solutions.). For every user license, MedQuist will
                    pay upfront per quarter, the Quarterly maintenance of $73.50
                    per user.
                o   Upon delivery of the Philips In-house solution, MedQuist
                    gets exclusivity for distribution only for this solution in
                    North America for 1 (one) year after the product is
                    commercially usable. The exclusivity will be reviewed
                    annually based on business results (meeting the forecast) in
                    that year. If the exclusivity is cancelled within 36 months
                    after a commercially usable product is delivered, then
                    Philips will pay to MedQuist (as liquidated damages for loss
                    of exclusivity and not as a penalty) an early termination
                    fee equal to US $33,333.33 for each month remaining in the
                    36 month term after the effective date of termination. By
                    way of example, if Philips terminates the exclusivity at the
                    end of 24 months after delivery, then Philips will pay a
                    termination fee equal to 12 times US $33,333.33.


<PAGE>

                o   Transfer Price of the "In-house solution" needs to be
                    agreed, and it is hereby agreed that this will be lower than
                    the Transfer Price of XXXXX including a Speech Recognition
                    engine.

The Fees do not include sales, use, excise and similar taxes, or the cost of
shipping or insurance, for which MedQuist is responsible.

All charges for additional services shall be on commercial terms and conditions
that are reasonably acceptable to both parties.

All dollar amounts specified in this agreement are US dollars.



PHILIPS SPEECH PROCESSING GmbH                       MedQuist Inc.


By: /s/ Marcel Wassink                               By: /s/ Ethan H. Cohen
    ----------------------                               -------------------
Name:  Marcel Wassink                                Name:  Ethan H. Cohen
Title: Managing Director                             Title: EVP & CTO
       PSP SRS


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
