<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>exhibit10-10.txt
<TEXT>
                                  Exhibit 10-10


                            THE PEOPLES NATIONAL BANK
                             SPLIT DOLLAR AGREEMENT

         THIS  AGREEMENT  is made and  entered  into this 13th day of  February,
2003, by and between THE PEOPLES NATIONAL BANK, a national  banking  association
having a principal office in Easley,  South Carolina (the "Company"),  and RALPH
R. RIDGEWAY (the "Executive").

         This Agreement shall append the Split Dollar  Endorsement  entered into
on  __________________,  2003, or as  subsequently  amended,  by and between the
aforementioned parties.

                                  INTRODUCTION

       To encourage  the  Executive  to remain an employee of the  Company,  the
Company is willing to divide the death  proceeds of a life  insurance  policy on
the  Executive's  life.  The Company will pay life  insurance  premiums from its
general assets.

                                    Article 1
                               General Definitions

The following terms shall have the meanings specified:

         1.1  "Change  of  Control"  means  (i)  the  acquisition,  directly  or
indirectly,  by any person  within any twelve (12) month period of securities of
the Company  representing  an aggregate  of twenty (20%)  percent or more of the
combined  voting power of the Company's  then  outstanding  securities;  or (ii)
during any period of two (2) consecutive years, individuals who at the beginning
of such period  constitute the Board of Directors of the Company,  cease for any
reason to  constitute at least a majority  thereof,  unless the election of each
new  director  was  approved  in advance by a vote of at least a majority of the
directors  then  still in office  who were  directors  at the  beginning  of the
period; or (iii)  consummation of (A) a merger,  consolidation or other business
combination  of the Company with any other person or  affiliate  thereof,  other
than a merger,  consolidation or business  combination which would result in the
outstanding common stock of the Company  immediately prior thereto continuing to
represent  (either by remaining  outstanding  or by being  converted into common
stock  of the  surviving  entity  or a parent  or  affiliate  thereof)  at least
sixty-seven  (67%) percent of the  outstanding  common stock (on a fully diluted
basis) of the Company or such  surviving  entity or parent or affiliate  thereof
outstanding   immediately   after  such   merger,   consolidation   or  business
combination,  or  (B) a plan  of  complete  liquidation  of  the  Company  or an
agreement for the sale or disposition by the Company of all or substantially all
of the  Company's  assets;  or  (iv)  the  occurrence  of  any  other  event  or
circumstance  which is not covered by (i) through (iii) above which the Board of
Directors of the Company determines affects control of the Company and, in order
to  implement  the  purposes  of this  Agreement  as set forth  above,  adopts a
resolution that such event or circumstances  constitutes a Change of Control for
the purposes of this Agreement.

<PAGE>

         1.2  "Disability"  means  sickness,  accident or injury  which,  in the
judgment of a physician  appointed  and paid for by the  Company,  prevents  the
Executive  from  performing  all of the  Executive's  customary  duties  for the
Company.  As a condition to any benefits,  the Company may require the Executive
to  submit to such  physical  or  mental  evaluations  and tests as the Board of
Directors of the Company deems appropriate.

         1.3 "Insurer" means Southland Life Insurance Company.

         1.4  "Policy"  means  insurance  policy  no.  0660025346  issued by the
Insurer.

         1.5 "Insured" means the Executive.

         1.6 "Normal  Retirement Age" means the earliest of the Executive's 65th
birthday,  the date of Termination of Employment on account of Disability or the
date of a Change of Control.

         1.7  "Termination of Employment"  means that the Executive ceases to be
employed by the Company.

                                    Article 2
                           Policy Ownership/Interests

         2.1 Company Ownership.  The Company is the sole owner of the Policy and
shall have the right to exercise all incidents of  ownership.  The Company shall
be the direct  beneficiary  of an amount of death  proceeds equal to the greater
of: a) the cash surrender value of the policy or b) the aggregate  premiums paid
on the Policy by the Company less any outstanding indebtedness to the Insurer.

         2.2  Executive's  Interest.  The  Executive  shall  have  the  right to
designate the  beneficiary of any remaining  death  proceeds of the Policy.  The
Executive shall also have the right to elect and change settlement  options that
may be permitted.  Provided,  however, the Executive, the Executive's transferee
or the Executive's  beneficiary  shall have no rights or interests in the Policy
with respect to that portion of the death  proceeds  designated  in this section
2.2 upon the Executive's  Termination of Employment  prior to Normal  Retirement
Age.

         2.3  Option to  Purchase.  The  Company  shall not sell,  surrender  or
transfer ownership of the Policy while this Agreement is in effect without first
giving the Executive or the  Executive's  transferee  the option to purchase the
Policy for a period of sixty (60) days from  written  notice of such  intention.
The purchase price shall be an amount equal to the cash  surrender  value of the
Policy.  This  provision  shall not impair the right of the Company to terminate
this Agreement.

         2.4  Comparable  Coverage.  Upon  Termination  of Employment  after the
Executive's Normal Retirement Age, the Company shall maintain the Policy in full


                                       2
<PAGE>

force and effect and in no event shall the Company amend, terminate or otherwise
abrogate the Executive's interest in the Policy, unless the Company replaces the
Policy with a comparable  insurance  policy to cover the benefit  provided under
this  Agreement.  The Policy or any  comparable  policy  shall be subject to the
claims of the Company's creditors. Article 3 Premiums

         3.1 Premium  Payment.  The Company  shall pay any  premiums  due on the
Policy.

         3.2 Imputed Income. The Company shall impute income to the Executive in
an amount equal to the current term rate for the  Executive's  age multiplied by
the aggregate death benefit payable to the Executive's beneficiary. The "current
term rate" is the minimum  amount  required to be imputed under Revenue  Rulings
64-328 and 66-110, or any subsequent applicable authority.

                                    Article 4
                                   Assignment

       The  Executive  may assign  without  consideration  all  interests in the
Policy and in this  Agreement to any person,  entity or trust.  In the event the
Executive  transfers all of the Executive's  interest in the Policy, then all of
the  Executive's  interest in the Policy and in the Agreement shall be vested in
the  Executive's  transferee,  who shall be substituted as a party hereunder and
the Executive shall have no further interest in the Policy or in this Agreement.

                                    Article 5
                                     Insurer

       The Insurer shall be bound only by the terms of the Policy.  Any payments
the Insurer makes or actions it takes in accordance  with the Policy shall fully
discharge  the  Insurer and  Company  from all claims,  suits and demands of all
entities  or  persons.  The  Insurer  shall not be bound by or be deemed to have
notice of the provisions of this Agreement.

                                    Article 6
                                Claims Procedure

         6.1 For all claims for other than disability benefits:

          6.1.1  Claims  Procedure.  Any  individual  ("Claimant")  who  has not
     received  benefits  under the Agreement  that he or she believes  should be
     paid shall make a claim for such benefits as follows:

               6.1.1.1  Initiation - Written  Claim.  The  Claimant  initiates a
          claim by submitting to the Company a written claim for the benefits.



                                       3
<PAGE>

               6.1.1.2 Timing of Company Response.  The Company shall respond to
          such Claimant within 90 days after receiving the claim. If the Company
          determines  that special  circumstances  require  additional  time for
          processing the claim, the Company can extend the response period by an
          additional 90 days by notifying the Claimant in writing,  prior to the
          end of the  initial  90-day  period,  that  an  additional  period  is
          required.   The  notice  of  extension  must  set  forth  the  special
          circumstances  and the date by which the Company expects to render its
          decision.

               6.1.1.3 Notice of Decision.  If the Company denies part or all of
          the claim,  the Company  shall  notify the Claimant in writing of such
          denial.   The  Company  shall  write  the  notification  in  a  manner
          calculated to be understood by the Claimant.  The  notification  shall
          set forth:

                    (a)  The specific reasons for the denial,

                    (b)  A reference to the specific provisions of the Agreement
                         on which the denial is based,

                    (c)  A description of any additional information or material
                         necessary  for the Claimant to perfect the claim and an
                         explanation of why it is needed,

                    (d)  An explanation of the Agreement's review procedures and
                         the time limits applicable to such procedures,  and (e)
                         A statement  of the  Claimant's  right to bring a civil
                         action under ERISA Section 502(a)  following an adverse
                         benefit determination on review.

          6.1.2  Review  Procedure.  If the  Company  denies  part or all of the
     claim,  the Claimant shall have the  opportunity for a full and fair review
     by the Company of the denial, as follows:

               6.1.2.1 Initiation - Written Request. To initiate the review, the
          Claimant,  within 60 days  after  receiving  the  Company's  notice of
          denial, must file with the Company a written request for review.

               6.1.2.2 Additional Submissions - Information Access. The Claimant
          shall then have the opportunity to submit written comments, documents,
          records and other information relating to the claim. The Company shall
          also provide the Claimant, upon request and free of charge, reasonable
          access to, and copies of, all documents, records and other information
          relevant  (as  defined  in  applicable   ERISA   regulations)  to  the
          Claimant's claim for benefits.

               6.1.2.3  Considerations on Review. In considering the review, the
          Company  shall take into account all  materials  and  information  the
          Claimant submits relating to the claim, without regard to whether such
          information  was  submitted  or  considered  in  the  initial  benefit
          determination.

               6.1.2.4 Timing of Company Response.  The Company shall respond in
          writing to such  Claimant  within 60 days after  receiving the request
          for  review.  If the Company  determines  that  special  circumstances


                                       4
<PAGE>

          require  additional  time for  processing  the claim,  the Company can
          extend the response  period by an  additional 60 days by notifying the
          Claimant in writing,  prior to the end of the initial  60-day  period,
          that an additional  period is required.  The notice of extension  must
          set forth the special  circumstances and the date by which the Company
          expects to render its decision.

               6.1.2.5 Notice of Decision. The Company shall notify the Claimant
          in writing of its  decision  on review.  The  Company  shall write the
          notification in a manner  calculated to be understood by the Claimant.
          The  notification  shall set forth:  (a) The specific  reasons for the
          denial, (b) A reference to the specific provisions of the Agreement on
          which the  denial is  based,  (c) A  statement  that the  Claimant  is
          entitled  to  receive,  upon  request  and free of charge,  reasonable
          access to, and copies of, all documents, records and other information
          relevant  (as  defined  in  applicable   ERISA   regulations)  to  the
          Claimant's  claim for benefits,  and (d) A statement of the Claimant's
          right to bring a civil action under ERISA Section 502(a).

     6.2 For disability claims:

          6.2.1  Claims  Procedures.  Any  individual  ("Claimant")  who has not
     received  benefits  under the Agreement  that he or she believes  should be
     paid shall make a claim for such benefits as follows:

               6.2.1.1  Initiation - Written  Claim.  The  Claimant  initiates a
          claim by submitting to the Company a written claim for the benefits.

               6.2.1.2 Timing of Company Response.  The Company shall notify the
          Claimant  in writing of any adverse  determination  as set out in this
          Section.

               6.2.1.3 Notice of Decision.  If the Company denies part or all of
          the claim,  the Company  shall  notify the Claimant in writing of such
          denial.   The  Company  shall  write  the  notification  in  a  manner
          calculated to be understood by the Claimant.  The  notification  shall
          set forth:

                    (a)  The specific reasons for the denial,

                    (b)  A reference to the specific provisions of the Agreement
                         on which the denial is based,


                    (c)  A description of any additional information or material
                         necessary  for the Claimant to perfect the claim and an
                         explanation of why it is needed,

                    (d)  An explanation of the Agreement's review procedures and
                         the time limits applicable to such procedures,

                    (e)  A statement  of the  Claimant's  right to bring a civil
                         action under ERISA Section 502(a)  following an adverse
                         benefit determination on review,



                                       5
<PAGE>

                    (f)  [See ss.2560.503-1(g)(v)] Any internal rule, guideline,
                         protocol,  or other  similar  criterion  relied upon in
                         making the adverse  determination,  or a statement that
                         such a rule,  guideline,  protocol,  or  other  similar
                         criterion   was  relied  upon  in  making  the  adverse
                         determination  and that the  Claimant  can  request and
                         receive free of charge a copy of such rule,  guideline,
                         protocol or other criterion from the Company, and

                    (g)  If the  adverse  benefit  determination  is  based on a
                         medical necessity or experimental  treatment or similar
                         exclusion  or  limit,  either  an  explanation  of  the
                         scientific or clinical judgment for the  determination,
                         applying the terms of the  Agreement to the  Claimant's
                         medical   circumstances,   or  a  statement  that  such
                         explanation  will  be  provided  free  of  charge  upon
                         request.

               6.2.1.4 Timing of Notice of Denial/Extensions.  The Company shall
          notify the Claimant of denial of benefits in writing not later than 45
          days after  receipt of the claim by the  Agreement.  The  Company  may
          elect to extend  notification  by two  30-day  periods  subject to the
          following requirements:

                    (a)  For the  first  30-day  extension,  the  Company  shall
                         notify  the  Claimant  (1)  of  the  necessity  of  the
                         extension  and  the  factors  beyond  the   Agreement's
                         control requiring an extension; (2) prior to the end of
                         the initial 45-day period; and (3) of the date by which
                         the Agreement expects to render a decision.

                    (b)  If  the  Company   determines   that  a  second  30-day
                         extension  is  necessary  based on  factors  beyond the
                         Agreement's  control, the Company shall follow the same
                         procedure  in (a) above,  with the  exception  that the
                         notification  must be provided to the  Claimant  before
                         the end of the first 30-day extension period.

                    (c)  For any  extension  provided  under this  section,  the
                         Notice of  Extension  shall  specifically  explain  the
                         standards upon which entitlement to a benefit is based,
                         the  unresolved  issues that  prevent a decision on the
                         claim, and the additional information needed to resolve
                         those  issues.  The Claimant  shall be afforded 45 days
                         within which to provide the specified information.

              6.2.2  Review  Procedures  - Denial of  Benefits.  If the  Company
     denies part or all of the claim,  the Claimant  shall have the  opportunity
     for a full and fair review by the Company of the denial, as follows:

                      6.2.2.1  Initiation of Appeal.  Within 180 days  following
              notice of denial of  benefits,  the  Claimant  shall  initiate  an
              appeal by submitting a written notice of appeal to Company.

                      6.2.2.2  Submissions on Appeal - Information  Access.  The
              Claimant shall be allowed to provide written comments,  documents,
              records, and other information relating to the claim for benefits.
              The Company shall  provide to the Claimant,  upon request and free
              of charge,  reasonable  access  to, and copies of, all  documents,


                                       6
<PAGE>

              records,  and other information relevant (as defined in applicable
              ERISA regulations) to the Claimant's claim for benefits.

                    6.2.2.3  Additional Company  Responsibilities  on Appeal. On
               appeal, the Company shall:

                    (a)  [See  ss.2560.503-1(h)(3)(i)-(v)] Take into account all
                         materials and information the Claimant submits relating
                         to  the  claim,   without   regard  to   whether   such
                         information  was submitted or considered in the initial
                         benefit  determination;

                    (b)  Provide for a review that does not afford  deference to
                         the initial adverse benefit  determination  and that is
                         conducted  by an  appropriate  named  fiduciary  of the
                         Agreement  who is neither the  individual  who made the
                         adverse  benefit  determination  that is the subject of
                         the appeal, nor the subordinate of such individual;

                    (c)  In   deciding   an  appeal  of  any   adverse   benefit
                         determination  that is  based  in whole or in part on a
                         medical judgment,  including determinations with regard
                         to whether a particular treatment,  drug, or other item
                         is  experimental,  investigational,  or  not  medically
                         necessary  or  appropriate,  consult with a health care
                         professional   who   has   appropriate   training   and
                         experience  in the field of  medicine  involved  in the
                         medical judgment;

                    (d)  Identify medical or vocational experts whose advise was
                         obtained on behalf of the Agreement in connection  with
                         a Claimant's  adverse  benefit  determination,  without
                         regard to whether  the advice was relied upon in making
                         the benefit determination; and

                    (e)  Ensure  that the health care  professional  engaged for
                         purposes of a consultation  under  subsection (c) above
                         shall be an  individual  who was neither an  individual
                         who  was  consulted  in  connection  with  the  adverse
                         benefit  determination  that  is  the  subject  of  the
                         appeal, nor the subordinate of any such individual.

                      6.2.2.4 Timing of  Notification of Benefit Denial - Appeal
              Denial.  The Company  shall  notify the Claimant not later than 45
              days after  receipt of the  Claimant's  request  for review by the
              Agreement,    unless   the   Company   determines   that   special
              circumstances  require an  extension  of time for  processing  the
              claim.  If the Company  determines  that an extension is required,
              written notice of such shall be furnished to the Claimant prior to
              the  termination of the initial 45-day period,  and such extension
              shall not exceed 45 days.  The Company shall  indicate the special
              circumstances requiring an extension of time and the date by which
              the Agreement expects to render the determination on review.

                    6.2.2.5  Content  of  Notification  of Benefit  Denial.  The
               Company shall provide the Claimant with a notice calculated to be
               understood by the Claimant, which shall contain:

                    (a)  The   specific   reason  or  reasons  for  the  adverse
                         determination;



                                       7
<PAGE>

                    (b)  Reference to the specific Agreement provisions on which
                         the benefit determination is based;

                    (c)  A statement  that the  Claimant is entitled to receive,
                         upon request and free of charge,  reasonable access to,
                         and  copies  of  all  documents,   records,  and  other
                         relevant  information  (as defined in applicable  ERISA
                         regulations);

                    (d)  A statement of the Claimant's  right to bring an action
                         under ERISA Section 502(a);

                    (e)  [See ss.2560.503-1(j)(5)] Any internal rule, guideline,
                         protocol,  or other  similar  criterion  relied upon in
                         making the adverse  determination,  or a statement that
                         such a rule,  guideline,  protocol,  or  other  similar
                         criterion   was  relied  upon  in  making  the  adverse
                         determination  and that the  Claimant  can  request and
                         receive free of charge a copy of such rule,  guideline,
                         protocol or other criterion from the Company;

                    (f)  If the  adverse  benefit  determination  is  based on a
                         medical necessity or experimental  treatment or similar
                         exclusion  or  limit,  either  an  explanation  of  the
                         scientific or clinical judgment for the  determination,
                         applying the terms of the  Agreement to the  Claimant's
                         medical   circumstances,   or  a  statement  that  such
                         explanation  will  be  provided  free  of  charge  upon
                         request; and

                    (g)  The  following  statement:  "You and your plan may have
                         other voluntary  alternative dispute resolution options
                         such as  mediation.  One way to find  out  what  may be
                         available is to contact your local U.S.  Department  of
                         Labor  Office  and  your  state  insurance   regulatory
                         agency."

                                    Article 7
                           Amendments and Termination

       This Agreement may be amended or terminated  only by a written  agreement
signed by the Company and the Executive.  However, unless otherwise agreed to by
the Company and the Executive,  this Agreement will automatically terminate upon
the Executive's Termination of Employment prior to Normal Retirement Age.

                                    Article 8
                                  Miscellaneous

     8.1  Binding  Effect.  This  Agreement  shall  bind the  Executive  and the
Company,   their  beneficiaries,   survivors,   executors,   administrators  and
transferees, and any Policy beneficiary.

     8.2 No Guarantee of Employment.  This Agreement is not an employment policy
or contract.  It does not give the  Executive the right to remain a Executive or
employee of the  Company,  nor does it  interfere  with the  Company's  right to
discharge  the  Executive.  It also does not require the  Executive to remain an
Executive nor interfere with the Executive's  right to terminate  service at any
time.



                                       8
<PAGE>

     8.3  Applicable  Law.  The  Agreement  and all  rights  hereunder  shall be
governed by and construed  according to the laws of the State of South Carolina,
except to the extent preempted by the laws of the United States of America.

     8.4 Reorganization. The Company shall not merge or consolidate into or with
another  company,  or  reorganize,  or sell  substantially  all of its assets to
another  company,  firm or person unless such succeeding or continuing  company,
firm or person agrees to assume and discharge the obligations of the Company.

     8.5 Notice. Any notice, consent or demand required or permitted to be given
under the  provisions  of this Split  Dollar  Agreement  by one party to another
shall be in writing, shall be signed by the party giving or making the same, and
may be given either by delivering the same to such other party personally, or by
mailing the same, by United States  certified  mail,  postage  prepaid,  to such
party, addressed to his or her last known address as shown on the records of the
Company.  The date of such  mailing  shall  be  deemed  the date of such  mailed
notice, consent or demand.

     8.6 Entire  Agreement.  This  Agreement  constitutes  the entire  agreement
between the Company and the Executive as to the subject matter hereof. No rights
are  granted  to the  Executive  by virtue of this  Agreement  other  than those
specifically set forth herein.

     8.7  Administration.  The Company  shall have powers which are necessary to
administer this Agreement, including but not limited to:

          (a)  Interpreting the provisions of the Agreement;

          (b)  Establishing  and  revising  the  method  of  accounting  for the
               Agreement;

          (c)  Maintaining a record of benefit payments; and

          (d)  Establishing   rules  and  prescribing  any  forms  necessary  or
               desirable to administer the Agreement.

     8.8 Named  Fiduciary.  The Company  shall be the named  fiduciary  and plan
administrator  under the Agreement.  The named  fiduciary may delegate to others
certain  aspects of the  management and operation  responsibilities  of the plan
including the employment of advisors and the delegation of ministerial duties to
qualified individuals

       IN WITNESS WHEREOF,  the parties have executed this Agreement the day and
year first above written.

                              [SIGNATURES OMITTED]

                                       9
<PAGE>



                         SPLIT DOLLAR POLICY ENDORSEMENT
                THE PEOPLES NATIONAL BANK SPLIT DOLLAR AGREEMENT

Insured: Ralph R. Ridgeway
Insurer:  Southland Life Insurance Company
Policy No. 0660025346

       Pursuant to the terms of THE PEOPLES NATIONAL BANK SPLIT DOLLAR AGREEMENT
dated   ____________,   2003,   the   undersigned   Owner   requests   that  the
above-referenced  policy  issued  by  the  Insurer  provide  for  the  following
beneficiary designation and limited contract ownership rights to the Insured:

       1. Upon the death of the  Insured,  proceeds  shall be paid in one sum to
the Owner,  its  successors  or  assigns,  to the extent of its  interest in the
policy.  It is hereby provided that the Insurer may rely solely upon a statement
from the Owner as to the amount of proceeds it is entitled to receive under this
paragraph.

       2. Any  proceeds at the death of the Insured in excess of the amount paid
under the provisions of the preceding paragraph shall be paid in one sum to:

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
            PRIMARY BENEFICIARY, RELATIONSHIP/SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBER

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
           CONTINGENT BENEFICIARY, RELATIONSHIP/SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBER

The exclusive  right to change the  beneficiary  for the proceeds  payable under
this paragraph, to elect any optional method of settlement for the proceeds paid
under this  paragraph  which are available  under the terms of the policy and to
assign all rights and interests  granted under this paragraph are hereby granted
to the  Insured.  The sole  signature  of the  Insured  shall be  sufficient  to
exercise said rights.  The Owner retains all contract  rights not granted to the
Insured under this paragraph.

       3. It is agreed by the  undersigned  that this  designation  and  limited
assignment of rights shall be subject in all respects to the  contractual  terms
of the policy.

       4. Any payment  directed by the Owner under this  endorsement  shall be a
full  discharge  of the  Insurer,  and such  discharge  shall be  binding on all
parties claiming any interest under the policy.

The  undersigned  for the Owner is  signing  in a  representative  capacity  and
warrants  that he or she has the  authority  to bind the entity on whose  behalf
this document is being executed.

                              [SIGNATURES OMITTED]



                                       10


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
