<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>viking8ka013103ex21.txt
<DESCRIPTION>STOCK AND NOTE RECEIVABLE FOR OWNERSHIP AGREEMENT
<TEXT>

                                   EXHIBIT 2.1

                 STOCK & NOTE RECEIVABLE FOR OWNERSHIP AGREEMENT

         STOCK AND NOTE FOR OWNERSHIP  AGREEMENT  between  Viking Capital Group,
Inc. and Beijing Property Development Company Ltd.

                               ------------------

         For the acquisition by Beijing Property  Development  Company,  Ltd. of
ninety six percent (96%) of the ownership of Beijing Fei Yun Viking  Enterprises
Company,  Ltd. a Peoples Republic of China Foreign Investment Enterprise Company
in exchange  for a certain note  receivable  and common and  preferred  stock of
Viking Capital Group,  Inc., a United States (US) of America  corporation in the
state of Utah.

         AGREEMENT,  dated as of January 31, 2003 between  Viking Capital Group,
Inc., (hereinafter called Viking), and Beijing Property Development Company Ltd.
(hereinafter called Property Development).

         Viking  either  owns or has the right to sell,  transfer  and  exchange
ninety six percent (96%) of the ownership of Beijing Fei Yun Viking  Enterprises
Company, Ltd.  (hereinafter called the Company or Viking Enterprises).  Property
Development  wishes  to  acquire  ninety  six (96%) of the  ownership  of Viking
Enterprises  in exchange for the return of Viking's  7,500,000  Treasury  shares
held at Viking  Enterprises  for  acquisitions,  7,000,000  shares of the Common
Restricted  Stock of Viking, a US $6,500,000 Hebei Kangshun Feiyun Organic Waste
Processing  Company,  Ltd.  note to Viking and  1,800,000  Series 2001  Callable
Preferred Stock of Viking  (hereinafter  referred to as Viking's Stock and note)
and Property Development wishes to make said exchange.


         NOW  THEREFORE,  in  consideration  of the  promises  and of the mutual
covenants herein contained, the parties do hereby agree as follows:

                           Section  1.  Exchange  of  Shares.  On the  terms and
subject to the  conditions set forth in this  Agreement,  at the time of closing
referred to in Section 3 hereof,  Property  Development will deliver or cause to
be delivered to Viking  14,500,000  shares of Viking's Common  Restricted Stock,
1,800,000  shares of Viking's  Series  2001  Callable  Preferred  Stock and a US
$6,500,000  note made out to Viking from Hebei  Kangshun  Feiyun  Organic  Waste
Processing  Company,  Ltd.  which is  collateralized  by 40%  ownership of Hebei
Kangshun  Feiyun  Organic Waste  Processing  Company,  Ltd in exchange for which
Viking will deliver or cause to be delivered to Property  Development Ninety Six
percent (96%) ownership of Beijing Fei Yun Viking Enterprises Company, Ltd.

                           Section 2.  Acquired  Viking  Enterprises  Ownership.
Viking Enterprises ownership shall be determined as follows:

(a) Amount. On the terms and subject to the conditions and adjustments set forth
in this  Agreement,  and in exchange  for the 7.5M Viking  Common  Shares,  1.8M
Viking  Series 2001 Callable  Preferred  Stock and $6.5M Hebei  Kangshun  Feiyun
Organic Waste Processing Company, Ltd. Note made out to Viking.

(b)  Closing  Balance  Sheet.  Viking,  at its sole  expense,  shall cause to be
prepared and delivered to Property Development at the Closing,

                           (i)      An  unaudited  most recent  Closing  Balance
Sheet of the Company, which shall be prepared in accordance with GAAP accounting
principles.  In connection  therewith  Viking shall make available  prior to the
Closing all financial  statements,  worksheets and other information  concerning
the Closing Balance Sheet as Property  Development may reasonably  request.  All
costs and expenses of preparation of the Closing  Balance Sheet shall be paid by
Viking.

<PAGE>

                           Section  3.  -  Closing  Date  and  Materials  to  be
Delivered.  The closing of the exchange transfer  assignment and delivery of the
Acquired  Shares  provided  for in Section I hereof and the delivery by Property
Development  and Viking of the materials  specified in Sections 12 and 13 hereof
(the "Closing")  shall take place by telephone on December 31, 2003.  Exhange of
ownership  documents,  stock  certificates and power of attorneys for each stock
certificate  and the note  receivable  shall all be delivered  prior to closing.
Faxing of signed  agreements and exhibits to the agreements and delivery of such
agreements  with original  signatures via FedEx or other  nationally  recognized
courier  service  post  closing or such  earlier date or location as is mutually
agreed to by the parties  (herein  referred to as the  "Closing" or the "Closing
Date',);  provided,  however,  that in the  event  that  any  condition  to this
Agreement referred to in Section 10 and 11 is not fulfilled or satisfied by such
date, then any extensions shall be controlled by the provisions for extension of
time set forth in Section  10 and 11..  In the event of  postponement,  the term
"Closing  Date"  shall be deemed to mean the date  upon  which the  transactions
contemplated herein are actually consummated.

                           Section 4. Zhou Haiping and Wang Ping agree to resign
as  officers  of Viking as  signified  by their  signatures  herein  below which
positions they held as Vice Presidents of Viking.

                           Section 5. Left Blank Intentionally.

                           Section 6.   Representations   of   Viking.    Viking
represents to Property Development as follows:

(a)  Organization and  Qualification.  Viking  Enterprises is a corporation duly
     organized,  validly  existing  and in good  standing  under the laws of the
     Peoples  Republic of China and possesses  full powers and  authorities as a
     Foreign  Investment   Enterprise   corporation  under  such  laws,  without
     limitation  or  restriction,  and  has  the  corporate  power  to  own  its
     properties  and to  carry on its  business  as it is now  being  conducted.
     Except as  described in any  Schedule  hereto,  there is not now pending or
     threatened,  any dispute,  controversy or proceeding  that involves  Viking
     Enterprises,  including without limitation,  any proceeding to dissolve it,
     to declare its corporate rights, powers,  franchises or privileges,  or any
     of  them,  null  or  void  or  in  bankruptcy  or  for  an  arrangement  or
     reorganization in any province or Central Government federal court.

(b)  Certificate of  Incorporation  and By-Laws.  Prior to closing the copies of
     the Certificate of Incorporation and the By-laws of the Viking Enterprises,
     as amended to date, shall have been delivered to Property Development.  The
     minutes  of all  meetings  of  Viking  Enterprises  shareholders,  Board of
     Directors and any  committees of such Board have been delivered to Property
     Development  prior to Closing,  and there is no corporate  action requiring
     approval by Viking Enterprises  shareholders or Board of Directors which is
     not reflected in such minutes.  The unanimous board of directors resolution
     agreeing to the sale contemplated  herein,  are attached hereto as schedule
     B.

(c)  Capitalization.  All of the currently  outstanding ownership of any kind of
     Viking  Enterprises  proposed for this  transaction  are owned,  or will be
     acquired prior to closing by Viking free and clear of any liens,  claims or
     encumbrances whatsoever, and are validly issued and outstanding, fully paid
     and  nonassessable.   There  are  no  outstanding  options,  subscriptions,
     warrants or other agreements of any kind obligating  Viking  Enterprises to
     issue any ownership of Viking Enterprises or options or rights with respect
     thereto; and there are no outstanding securities or instruments of any kind
     which are convertible into ownership of Viking Enterprises.

<PAGE>

(d)  Subsidiaries  and  Partnerships.  Viking  Enterprises is not a party to any
     partnership,  joint venture or other agreement,  which involves the sharing
     of profits or losses other then normal shareholder dividends.

(e)  Conflicting Agreements and Consents.  Neither the execution and delivery of
     this Agreement nor the  consummation of the  transactions  described herein
     will:

                     (i)    conflict with the  Certificate of  Incorporation  or
                            By-laws of Viking Enterprises,

                     (ii)   conflict with or result in a breach of, or give rise
                            to  a  right,  termination  of,  or  accelerate  the
                            performance  required  by,  any  agreement  to which
                            Viking Enterprises,  is now a party, or constitute a
                            default thereunder, or in the creation of any liens,
                            charges or encumbrances upon any property , or

                     (iii)  other  than the change to  Chinese  citizens  owning
                            100% of Viking Enterprises which will cause upon the
                            filing of the transfer of  government  documents for
                            new ownership to cause Viking  Enterprises  to cease
                            to be a Foreign Investment  Enterprise,  there is no
                            conflict  with any statute,  regulation,  ordinance,
                            writ, injunction order, judgment,  decree,  license,
                            permit  or other  governmental  approval  to  Viking
                            Enterprises or any of its assets is subject.

(f)  Suits  and  Controversies.  Except as listed  and  fully  described  in the
     financial  statements or Schedule C, (waived) there are no actions,  suits,
     proceedings  or  investigations  pending,  threatened  against or affecting
     Viking  Enterprises  at law or in equity or before  any  federal,  state or
     local court,  board or other governmental or administrative  agency.  There
     are no controversies  pending or threatened  between Viking Enterprises and
     its agents or employees, except as listed in Schedule C.

(g)  2001 Year to date  Financial  Statement.  Schedule  D  contains  a true and
     complete  Balance Sheet and income statement of Viking  Enterprises,  as of
     September  30,  2002;  copies of which  have  been  delivered  to  Property
     Development.

(h)  Financial  Statement.  Viking has delivered to Property  Development a true
     copy  of  the  GAAP  balance  sheet  and  statement  of  income  of  Viking
     Enterprises for the year 2001.  Such financial  statements are complete and
     fairly present the financial  position of Viking Enterprises as of December
     31, 2001, and the results of operations for Viking Enterprises for the year
     then ended in conformity with GAAP accounting  principles,  copies of which
     are attached hereto as Schedule E.

(i)  Absence of Undisclosed  Liabilities.  As of September 30, 2002, to the best
     of Viking's knowledge and belief, Viking Enterprise's had no liabilities or
     obligations (whether accrued, absolute, contingent or otherwise and whether
     due or to  become  due),  which,  individually  or in the  aggregate,  were
     material  and were not  reflected  in the  financial  statements  of Viking
     Enterprises  or the notes thereto as of such date or otherwise set forth in
     the attached Schedules, Viking does not know of any basis for the assertion
     against Viking  Enterprises of any such liability or obligation arising out
     of a transaction entered into or any state of facts existing on or prior to
     such dates.

(j)  Liabilities as of Closing. On the Closing,  Viking Enterprises will have no
     material liabilities or obligations (whether accrued, absolute,  contingent
     or  otherwise  and  whether  due or to  become  due)  which  are not  fully
     reflected on the face of the Closing Balance Sheet.

<PAGE>

(k)  Tax Returns and Payments.  Property Development waives the following by its
     signatures  below as the  buyers  were the  operating  managers  of  Viking
     Enterprises  and have access to the following:  True and complete copies of
     all central  government  income tax returns  relative to its operations for
     the calendar years ended 2001 and Viking will make available,  upon request
     of Viking,  copies of all central  government,  payroll and  franchise  tax
     returns  relative  to its  operation  for  such  years,  any  requests  for
     extension of the filing of any returns currently due and copies, if any, of
     report of central  government tax  authorities  relating to examinations of
     any tax returns  for such years.  There are no  assessments  of  additional
     taxes  threatened  against Viking  Enterprises or its properties than those
     listed in its financial statements. No waiver of any statute of limitations
     or agreement  for  extension of time for  assessment  in respect of any tax
     liability of Viking Enterprises is presently in effect.

(l)  Title to  Properties.  At Closing,  Beijing Fei Yun will not own or possess
     any  interest  in any  real  or  personal  property,  whether  tangible  or
     intangible,  except as set forth in the  Viking  Enterprise's  2001  Annual
     Statement  and its September  30, 2002  statement,  and at such date Viking
     Enterprises  will have good and marketable  title to all of such properties
     and  assets,  subject  to no  liens,  mortgages,  pledges  or  encumbrances
     'whatsoever,  except  for  the  interest  of  any  lending  institution  or
     individual lender as shown on the financial  statement provided pursuant to
     Section 4 (h) hereof.

(m)  Contracts.  Except as otherwise  described in Schedule F, as of the Closing
     Viking  Enterprises will not be obligated by any commitments,  contracts or
     agreements  of any kind or nature in  accordance  with Section 6(a) hereof.
     Except as described in Schedule F or in the Viking  Enterprise's  financial
     statements  or the notes  thereto,  there has been no breach or  default or
     event,  which with the lapse of time or notice or both,  would constitute a
     breach or default on the part of Viking  Enterprises  under any commitment,
     contract or  agreement  of any kind or nature to which  Viking  Enterprises
     assets are subject.

(n)  Ownership Charters. This section is waived by Property Development by their
     signatures below. The majority owners and officers of Property  Development
     are  also  the  Chairman,  President,  CEO and  Vice  President  of  Viking
     Enterprises  and have access to these complete  files.  Schedule G which is
     Waived  by their  signatures  below,  is the  ownership  charters  from the
     appropriate  government  authority which shows the following  companies and
     their  percentages  owned by Viking  Enterprises:  60% Beijing Golden Horse
     Great Wall Estate  Construction  Co., Ltd.;  100% Beijing  Feiyun  Chemical
     Trading Co., LTD; 40% Lianyungang East Sea Highway Development & Management
     Co, TTC

(p)  Agreement  to Amend  Viking  Enterprise.  To be  delivered  and  signed  at
     closing.

(q)  INTENTIONALLY BLANK

(r)  Employment.  Viking  Enterprises  has no direct or indirect  obligation  or
     liability under any employment  agreement,  collective bargaining agreement
     or  employee  welfare  or  benefit  plan,  and  Viking  Enterprises  has no
     contracts, agreements or other obligations to any employee or any affiliate
     of any employee.

(s)  Investment  Company.  Viking is not an  investment  Company  as  defined in
     Section  368(a)(2)(F)(iii)  and (iv), or in any event a Company meeting the
     requirements of Section 368(a)(2)(F)(ii), of the US Internal Revenue Code.

(s)  Bank Accounts and Depositories.  Waived by Buyer, Property Development,  by
     their signatures below.

<PAGE>

(t)  Non-competition  Agreements.  Viking  Enterprises  is  not  subject  to any
     agreement limiting or imposing any condition upon its freedom to compete in
     any line of business or with any person or to utilize  any  information  in
     its possession.

(u)  Compliance  with Law.  To the best of  Viking  Enterprise's  knowledge  and
     belief,  Viking  Enterprises is not in violation of any law,  regulation or
     rule or any  writ,  judgment,  injunction,  order or decree of any court or
     governmental  authority  whatsoever relating to conduct of its business and
     the ownership of its assets.

(v)  Viking.  Viking is a corporation  duly organized and validly existing under
     the laws of the US and has full power and authority  under its  Certificate
     of Incorporation  and By-Laws (Charter) and has the right to enter into and
     carry  out  the  provisions  of  this  Agreement  for  the  sale of its 96%
     ownership of its subsidiary Beijing Fei Yun Viking Enterprise Company, Ltd.
     Viking has obtained all  necessary  approvals of the execution and delivery
     of this Agreement and the  consummation  of the  transactions  contemplated
     herein,  and  Viking is not  subject to any  contract  or  agreement  which
     prevents the  consummation  hereof or as to which the  consummation of this
     Agreement  would  constitute a breach or default.  This  agreement has been
     duly executed and delivered by Viking and constitutes the legal,  valid and
     binding obligation of Viking.

(w)  Disclosure.  No  representation by Viking contained in this Agreement or in
     any  Schedule,  certificate,  list or  other  document  furnished  or to be
     furnished by or on behalf of Viking  pursuant to or in connection with this
     Agreement contains or shall contain any untrue statement of a material fact
     or omits  or shall  omit to state a  material  fact  necessary  to make the
     statements made, in light of the circumstances under which they are or were
     made, not misleading.

(x)  Intentionally left Blank.

                           Section 7.  Representations of Property  Development.
Property Development represents to Viking as follows:

(a)  Organization and Qualification.  Property Development is a corporation duly
     organized and validly  existing under the laws of Peoples Republic of China
     and has full power and authority under its Certificate of Incorporation and
     By-Laws  to enter  into and carry  out the  provisions  of this  Agreement.
     Property  Development has obtained all necessary approvals of the execution
     and delivery of this  Agreement and the  consummation  of the  transactions
     contemplated herein on its part to be obtained, and Property Development is
     not subject to any contract or agreement  which  prevents the  consummation
     hereof or as to which the consummation of this Agreement would constitute a
     breach or default or would result in the creation of any liens,  charges or
     encumbrances upon the property of Viking  Enterprises.  No other consent is
     required  to  be  obtained  by  Property  Development  to  permit  Property
     Development to acquire and exchange Viking common and preferred  shares and
     a note  receivable  from Hebei  Kangshun  Feiyun  Organic Waste  Processing
     Company, Ltd. for Viking Enterprises ownership as contemplated herein which
     will be made out directly to Viking.

(b)  Disclosure.  No  representation by Property  Development  contained in this
     Agreement or in any  document  furnished or to be furnished by or on behalf
     of Property  Development  pursuant to or in connection  with this Agreement
     contains or shall contain any untrue  statement of a material fact or omits
     or shall omit to state a material  fact  necessary  to make the  statements
     made, in light of the circumstances  under which they are or were made, not
     misleading.

(c)  Acquired for  Investment.  Property  Development  is acquiring the Acquired
     Viking Enterprises ownership for its own account and not with a view to any
     public distribution thereof.

<PAGE>

                           Section  8.  Actions in  Preparing  for  Closing  and
Conduct of Business Prior to Closing:

(a)  Prior  to  Closing,  Property  Development  agrees  to  take or  cause  the
     following actions to be taken:

                           (i)  Upon  reasonable   advance  notice,   authorized
representatives of Property  Development shall, during normal business hours, be
permitted to confer with the Viking  Enterprise's  personnel  and shall be given
full and  complete  access to all  properties,  books,  records,  contracts  and
documents of Viking  Enterprises.  Viking  Enterprises shall furnish to Property
Development all  information  with respect to the affairs and business of Viking
Enterprises as Property  Development  may reasonably  request.  Said  inspection
shall be completed by Property Development not later than January 19, 2003.

                           (ii) Viking  Enterprises  and Viking will operate the
Viking  Enterprises  business  and  properties  only in the ordinary and regular
conduct of its business; will not issue or grant options, interests or rights of
any nature  whatsoever  in respect of any of its capital stock or declare or pay
any dividend or make any distribution of any kind,  except as shall be disclosed
to  Property  Development  prior to  Closing;  will not  create  or permit to be
created any lien, charge or encumbrance on any of its properties.

                           (iii) The  "Company's"  Board of Directors will cause
Viking  Enterprises  to  take  such  action  as may be  necessary  to  maintain,
preserve,  renew and keep in full  force and  effect  its  corporate  existence,
rights and franchises.

                           (iv)  Unless  otherwise   consented  to  by  Property
Development,  Viking  Enterprises  will use its best efforts not to violate,  or
commit  a  breach  of or a  default  under  any  commitment,  contract  or other
agreement  to which it is a party or to which any of its assets  are  subject or
violate any applicable statute, regulation,  ordinance, writ, injunction, order,
judgment of decree of any court or other governmental agency.

                           (v) Except for those transactions  contemplated by or
referred  to in this  Agreement,  Viking  Enterprises  will not  enter  into any
borrowing or any other agreement or amendment to any existing agreement,  except
as shall be disclosed to Property Development prior to Closing.

                           (vi)  Viking  will use,  and  cause to use,  its good
faith best efforts to assist  Property  Development in obtaining the approval of
any  regulatory  agency that may be required  involving  a  transaction  of this
nature and size for the transfer of the Acquired Shares and note, as well as any
other regulatory approvals the parties determine to be necessary.

                           (vii) Viking  Enterprises  will  continue to file all
tax returns in a timely manner  (including any valid  extensions) and to pay all
taxes  shown as due  thereon,  and  Viking  Enterprises  will  promptly  furnish
Property Development with a copy of all returns as filed.

(b)  Prior to the Closing,  Viking agrees to use its good faith and best efforts
     to obtain the approval of any state  regulatory  authority for the transfer
     of the Acquired Shares, as well as any other regulatory approvals which may
     be necessary to  effectuate  this  Agreement and the transfer of assets and
     business  contemplated by the parties.  Property  Development  agrees to be
     responsible for handling all filings for change of ownership.

<PAGE>

                           Section 9. Conditions Precedent to the Obligations of
Viking and Property Development.

All   obligations   of  Viking  and  Property   Development  to  consummate  the
transactions  contemplated by this Agreement are subject to the  satisfaction of
the following conditions on or before the Closing,  which are in addition to the
conditions specified in Sections 10 and 11 of this Agreement:

(a)  All regulatory, board of directors and shareholders approvals determined to
     be necessary by either of the parties shall have been obtained.

(b)  Agreement  to Amend  Viking  Enterprises'  Charter and Delivery of Viking's
     shares with appropriate stock powers received by Viking Representatives. To
     be delivered and signed at closing or prior to closing.

                           Section 10.  Conditions  of  Termination  by Property
Development

(a)  If, at the Closing, any of the following conditions shall exist:

                           (i) Any regulator whose consent is necessary for this
Agreement shall have withdrawn any approval;

                           (ii) Any suit,  action or other proceeding before any
court or  governmental  agency shall have been instituted or threatened in which
it is sought to restrain,  prohibit,  invalidate  or set aside the  transactions
contemplated by this Agreement;

                           (iii)  Any  of  Viking  Enterprise's  representations
shall be inaccurate in any material  respect as of the date they were made, and,
except as to  representations  which are  expressly  limited to a state of facts
existing  at a time prior to the  Closing,  as of the  Closing as if made on the
Closing.

                           (iv)  Viking  shall have failed in any  material  way
with  respect to  perform or comply  with any of its  covenants,  agreements  or
conditions  required by this  Agreement to be  performed or complied  with by it
prior to the Closing; or

                           (v)  Viking  shall  have  failed  to  deliver  at the
Closing any of the items  required by Section 12 to be  delivered  by it at such
time;

                           (vi) In the event of  termination  of this  Agreement
pursuant to Section B (a)(ii),  10(a)(iii),10(a)(iv),  10(a)(v),  10(a)(vi),  or
10(a)(vii),  Property  Development shall promptly return all Viking's  documents
pertaining to this exchange.

                           Section 11.  Conditions of Termination by Viking.

(a)  If at the Closing, any of the following conditions shall exist:

                           (i)  Any of  Property  Development's  representations
shall be inaccurate in any material  respect as of the date they were made, and,
except as to  representations  and warranties  which are expressly  limited to a
state of facts existing at a time prior to the Closing, at and as of the Closing
as if made on the Closing; or

<PAGE>

                           (ii)  Property  Development  shall fail to deliver at
the Closing any of the items  required by Section 13 to be delivered by Property
Development  at such time;  then, the closing Date shall be postponed at Vikings
election,  but in no event to later than  February 31, 2003 at which time Viking
may elect to terminate this Agreement.

                           Section 12. To be Delivered at Closing by Viking. The
following shall be delivered by Viking to Property Development at Closing:

(a)  A certificate of the Chief Executive Officer of Viking certifying that each
     of the following  attached items are true, correct and complete to the best
     of his knowledge and belief:

                           (i)  Certificate  of the Secretary of Viking dated as
of the  Closing,  setting  forth  the  resolutions  of its  Board  of  Directors
authorizing the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of
the transactions  herein provided for, and stating that none of such resolutions
have been ended or rescinded;

(h)  Such other documents and  instruments as have been reasonably  requested by
     Property Development or its counsel, including, without limitation,  minute
     books,  stock record books and any and all corporate and  accounting  books
     and records.

(i)  The Closing Balance Sheet provided for in Section 2(b).

                           Section 13. To be Delivered  by Property  Development
at the Closing.  The Following shall be delivered by Property Development at the
Closing:

                  a) Viking's  14,500,000 common  restricted stock  certificates
made out to Viking
                  b) Viking's  1,800,000  Series 2001 Callable  Preferred  Stock
made out to Viking
                  c) A note made out to the  benefit  of Viking in the amount of
$6,500,000.  directly  from  Hebei  Kangshun  Feiyun  Organic  Waste  Processing
Company,  Ltd.  collateralized by 40% ownership of Hebei Kangshun Feiyun Organic
Waste Processing Company, Ltd.

                  d) A favorable opinion of counsel for Property Development, in
form reasonably satisfactory to Viking and its counsel, to the effect:

                           (i) that this  Agreement  has been duly  executed  by
Property  Development and constitutes a legally valid and binding  obligation of
Property  Development;  and  (ii)  that  such  corporation  does not know of any
regulatory  or  corporate   approvals  necessary  to  the  consummation  of  the
transaction contemplated by the definitive contract herein other than the normal
filing of the change of  ownership  documents  with the  appropriate  government
agencies. In the event said regulations or corporate approvals become necessary,
Property Development will take reasonable steps to obtain same.

                           Section 14. Intentionally left Blank.
                           15. Intentionally left Blank.

                           Section  14.  Survival  of the  Representations.  The
representations  and  agreements  made by each of the parties to this  Agreement
shall  survive the Closing and shall remain in full force and effect;  provided,
however,  that one party shall make no claim for a breach of any  representation
unless it has given  notice  to the  other  party of the claim on or before  the
first anniversary of the Closing.

                           Section 15.  Intentionally Left Blank.

<PAGE>

                           Section 16. Property Development shall obtain all PRC
required  approvals  and copies of such  approvals  will be sent to Viking  upon
receipt of approval from each government department post closing.

                           Section 17. Expenses. Viking and Property Development
shall pay their own expenses in  connection  with the  execution and delivery of
this Agreement and the  consummation of the  transactions  contemplated  hereby.
Property Development shall bear the cost of obtaining the regulatory  approvals,
if any, provided for in this Agreement.

                           Section  18.  Complete   Agreement.   This  Agreement
contains  the entire  agreement  among the parties  hereto  with  respect to the
transactions described herein and may be amended, modified and supplemented only
by a written  instrument  duly  signed by the  parties.  This  Agreement  may be
executed  simultaneously  in two or more  counterparts,  each of which  shall be
deemed  an  original,  but all of which  shall  constitute  but one and the same
instrument.

                           Section 19.  Waiver.  Any term or  condition  of this
Agreement  may be  waived at any time by the  party,  which is  entitled  to the
benefit  thereof.  Such waiver  shall be in writing and shall be executed by the
President or Vice President of such party. A waiver on one occasion shall not be
deemed to be a waiver of the same or any other breach on another occasion.

                           Section  20.   Notices.   All   notices   and   other
communications  hereunder shall be in writing and shall,  until contrary written
instructions are given, be delivered personally to, by International Couriers or
mailed first class, postage prepaid, registered or certified mail return receipt
requested, addressed to:

If to Viking:                   Viking Capital Group, Inc.
                                Two Lincoln Centre  Suite 300
                                5420 LBJ Freeway
                                Dallas, TX 75240
                                Attn:   William J. Fossen

If to Property Development:     Beijing Property Development  Company, Ltd
                                No. 50 Dajuehutong Xicheng  District
                                Beijing, China
                                Attn:   Zhou Haiping



<PAGE>

                           Section 21.  Governing Law. This  Agreement  shall be
construed  and  enforced in  accordance  with the laws of the State of Texas and
China.

        IN WITNESS WHEREOF,  the parties hereby have caused this Agreement to be
duly executed as of the date first above written.



                   BEIJING PROPERTY DEVELOPMENT COMPANY, LTD.




ZHOU HAIPING                                 WANG PING


/s/ Zhou Haiping                             /s/ Wang Ping
----------------------------                 ----------------------------
 Chairman & President                        Vice Chairman





                           VIKING CAPITAL GROUP, INC.


WILLIAM FOSSEN                               JOHN LU


/s/ William Fossen                           /s/ John Lu
----------------------------                 ----------------------------
Chairman & CEO                               Executive Director/Asian
                                             Pacific Operations



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
