<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.12
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>l99097aexv10w12.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.12
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.12

                                 AMENDMENT NO. 3

                                     TO THE
                          DATATRAK INTERNATIONAL, INC.
    AMENDED AND RESTATED 1996 KEY EMPLOYEES AND CONSULTANTS STOCK OPTION PLAN

         This Amendment No. 3 to the DATATRAK International, Inc. Amended and
Restated 1996 Key Employees and Consultants Stock Option Plan is made this 29th
day of November, 2001 by the Board of Directors of DATATRAK International, Inc.
(the "Company").

                               W I T N E S S E T H

         WHEREAS, the Company's Board of Directors adopted the Company's Amended
and Restated 1996 Key Employees and Consultants Stock Option Plan (the "Plan")
on February 29, 1996; and

         WHEREAS, the Plan was approved at a meeting of the Company's
shareholders on May 2, 1996; and

         WHEREAS, the Plan was subsequently amended to provide for up to 757,667
common shares ("Common Shares") available for grant under the Plan; and

         WHEREAS, the Company desires to amend the Plan to increase the number
of Common Shares authorized for issuance under the Plan from 757,667 Common
Shares to 1,057,667 Common Shares in order to further the purposes of the Plan.

         NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing, the Plan is amended
as follows:

         SHARES SUBJECT TO THE PLAN. The first paragraph of Section 6 of the
Plan is deleted in its entirety and the following paragraph is substituted in
lieu thereof:

               "Subject to the provisions of Section 9 concerning payment for
stock appreciation rights in Common Shares and subject to the provisions of the
next succeeding paragraph of this Section 6, the aggregate number of Common
Shares for which options may be granted under the Plan shall be 1,057,667 Common
Shares. Either treasury or authorized and unissued Common Shares, or both, in
such amounts, within the maximum limits of the Plan, as the Committee shall from
time to time determine, may be so issued. All Common Shares which are the
subject of any lapsed, expired or terminated options may be made available for
reoffering under the Plan to any Key Employee or Consultant. If an option
granted under this Plan is exercised pursuant to the terms and conditions
determined by the Committee under Subsection 7(d), and a stock appreciation
right is not granted in conjunction with the option pursuant to Section 9, any
Common Shares which are the subject thereof shall not thereafter be available
for reoffering under the Plan to any Key Employee or Consultant. If a stock
appreciation right is granted in conjunction with an option pursuant to Section
9, and if the option agreement with the Optionee provides that exercise of the
stock appreciation right shall be in lieu of exercise of the options, and the
stock appreciation right is thereafter exercised in whole or in part, then the
option or the portion thereof with respect to which the stock appreciation right
was exercised shall be deemed to have been exercised and the Common Shares which
otherwise would have been issued upon exercise of such option, to the extent not
used in payment for the stock appreciation rights, may be made available for
reoffering under the Plan to any Key Employee or Consultant."


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
