<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.15
<SEQUENCE>17
<FILENAME>l99097aexv10w15.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.15
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.15


                                    AMENDMENT

                                     TO THE

                          DATATRAK INTERNATIONAL, INC.

                     1999 OUTSIDE DIRECTOR STOCK OPTION PLAN


     This Amendment (the "Amendment") to the DATATRAK International, Inc. 1999
Outside Director Stock Option Plan is made this 18th day of December, 2001 by
DATATRAK International, Inc. (the "Company").


                               W I T N E S S E T H

     WHEREAS, the Company's Board of Directors adopted the Company's 1999
Outside Director Stock Option Plan (the "Plan") on September 22, 1999; and

     WHEREAS, the Plan was approved at a meeting of the Company's shareholders
on May 3, 2000; and

     WHEREAS, the Company, as a condition to the consummation of a private
placement of the Company's common shares and pursuant to the terms of a Share
Purchase Agreement among the Company and the investors parties thereto, has
agreed to amend each of its stock option plans to place certain restrictions on
the granting of stock options; and

     WHEREAS, the Board of Directors has deemed it necessary and appropriate to
adopt such amendments to each of the Company's stock option plans to place
certain restrictions on the granting of stock options.

     NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing, the Plan is amended as
follows:

     CERTAIN RESTRICTIONS. The following language shall be added to the Plan as
a new section:

          "Notwithstanding anything in the foregoing to the contrary, the
     Company shall not, unless approved by the holders of a majority of the
     shares present and entitled to vote at a duly convened meeting of
     shareholders:

     (i)  grant any stock option, including stock appreciation right, with an
          exercise price that is less than 100% of the fair market value of the
          underlying stock on the date of grant; or



                                       1


<PAGE>


     (ii) reduce the exercise price of any stock option, including stock
          appreciation right, outstanding or to be granted in the future; cancel
          and re-grant options at a lower exercise price (including entering
          into any "6 month and 1 day" cancellation and re-grant program),
          whether or not the canceled options are put back into the available
          pool for grant; replace out-of-the-money options with restricted stock
          in an exchange, buy-back or other program; or replace any options with
          new options having a lower exercise price or accelerated vesting
          schedule in an exchange, buy-back or other program.

     The prohibitions set forth in items (i) and (ii) above may not be further
     amended or repealed without the affirmative vote of the holders of a
     majority of the shares present and entitled to vote at a duly convened
     meeting of shareholders."

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, DATATRAK International, Inc., by its appropriate
officers duly authorized, has executed this Amendment as of the 18th day of
December, 2001.

                                   DATATRAK INTERNATIONAL, INC.



                                   By:   /s/ Jeffrey A. Green
                                       -----------------------------------------
                                   Jeffrey A. Green, President and Chief
                                       Executive Officer



                                   By:   /s/ Terry C. Black
                                       -----------------------------------------
                                   Terry C. Black, Vice President of Finance,
                                        Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and
                                        Assistant Secretary










                                       2

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
