<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.10
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>file003.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXECUTIVE SUPP MEDICAL EXPENSE PLAN SUM.
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
                                                                   Exhibit 10.10














                     EXECUTIVE SUPPLEMENTAL MEDICAL EXPENSE
                                  PLAN SUMMARY















                                                                      JULY, 2000





<PAGE>



                   EXECUTIVE SUPPLEMENTAL MEDICAL EXPENSE PLAN
                   -------------------------------------------

ELIGIBILITY
-----------

If you are an executive of Revlon, Inc. or any of its participating companies
and your annual base salary is at least $100,000, you are eligible to
participate in the Plan if approved by the Plan's Committee.

Annual base salary means your annual rate of pay, exclusive of bonus, incentive
pay or any other special remuneration.

WHO IS COVERED
--------------

Coverage under the Plan is provided for you and those of your eligible
dependents who are covered under the Revlon Medical and/or Dental Plans.
Additionally, the Executive Supplemental Medical Expense Plan will also cover
any other family member who you have reported as a dependent on your most recent
Federal Income Tax return and who still qualifies for dependency status in the
present year, as defined by the Internal Revenue Code. Such dependents may
include, but are not limited to, the dependent parents of you or your spouse.

WHEN COVERAGE STARTS
--------------------

You will become entitled to Plan benefits on the date the Committee approves
your participation and may continue as a participant for as long as you meet the
qualifications described above, or the Plan is terminated, if earlier.

COST
----

Your Executive Supplemental Medical Expense Plan benefits are fully paid for by
the Company. At the present time, these benefits are considered to be
non-taxable by the Internal Revenue Service. Should there be any change in this
position, you will be advised accordingly.












                                       2


<PAGE>


HOW THE PLAN WORKS
------------------

The Executive Supplemental Medical Expense Plan is intended to provide
reimbursement for certain medical and/or dental expenses, as described below,
which are either not covered at all or only partially covered under the Health
Care Program or any other group plan (including Medicare) in which you and/or
your eligible dependents may participate.

Benefit Entitlement
-------------------

The Plan will pay benefits equal to 100% of all covered expenses incurred during
any calendar year - up to an annual family maximum benefit of five percent (5%)
of your base annual earnings. Each January 1st an allowance equal to 5% of your
annual base salary as of that date is established. Should your salary change
during the course of the year, your allowance would be adjusted, on a pro-rata
basis, to reflect your then current rate of pay.

For example, on January 1st your salary was $200,000. On August 1st, you receive
an increase to $225,000 per year. You allowance for this year would be
determined as follows:

As of January 1st:
------------------

$200,000 (Annual Base Salary)
x      5%
---------
$  10,000 (Annual Plan Allowance)

Adjustment for August 1st Salary Increase
-----------------------------------------

$225,000 (New Annual Base Salary)
-200,000 (Previous Annual Base Salary)
--------
$ 25,000
x      5%
---------
$   1,250 (Additional Annual Plan Allowance)
x    5/12 (Adjustment to reflect 5 month period)
----------
$     521 (Pro-rated Additional Plan Allowance)

Total Annual Plan Allowance
---------------------------

$10,000 + 521 or $10,521

Note: If your Plan participation is less than a full year your maximum benefit
allowance will be pro-rated.






                                       3


<PAGE>



Covered Expenses
----------------

Generally, those medical and/or dental expenses considered deductible for income
tax purposes under the applicable section of the Internal Revenue Code are
eligible for reimbursement, to the extent not otherwise reimbursed by any other
group insurance plan. A listing of most of these expenses is contained in The
Revlon Health Care Program Summary Plan Description (SPD). In addition to the
expenses covered under The Revlon Health Care Program, eligible expenses under
the Supplemental Medical Expense Plan include, but are not limited to, the
following:

         Routine physical exams
         Routine pediatric services
         Eye examination and eyeglasses
         Hearing examinations and hearing aids
         Acupuncture
         Pre-Existing Conditions


Exclusions
----------

The Plan excludes coverage for any of the following:

         Cosmetic Surgery, that is not considered deductible on your federal
         income tax return.

         Charges incurred by a person while not a covered family member.

         Charges that you or your dependents are not required to pay.

         Charges for expenses incurred while serving in the armed forces of any
         government.

         Charges for care, treatment, services or supplies that are not
         necessary, reasonable or recommended and approved by a physician.

         Charges for custodial care (i.e., care, including services, supplies,
         room and board and other institutional services which is provided to an
         individual primarily to assist he or she in the activities of daily
         living).

         Charges for which coverage is provided under any other group plan, to
         the extent reimbursable under such other plan.










                                       4


<PAGE>



PROCEDURE TO CLAIM BENEFITS
---------------------------

To apply for Plan benefits you must:

o        complete the employee's section of the standard Medical Claim form or
         Dental Claim form. These forms may be obtained from your Human
         Resources Representative.

o        have your physician, dentist or hospital complete the appropriate
         section of the claim form, or attach a fully itemized bill to the form,
         (as described in the Revlon Health Care Program SPD).

o        mail the completed form and all required supporting documentation to
         the Plan Administrator.

o        should you and/or any of your dependents be entitled to benefits under
         another non-Revlon group plan, Executive Supplemental Medical Plan
         benefits will be coordinated with those of the other plan, as described
         in The Revlon Health Care Program SPD. In such cases, you will need to
         file your claims as follows:

         -    if the other plan's coverage is primary, you must file a claim
              with that plan before applying for benefits through the Health
              Care Program and/or Executive Supplemental Medical Plan. In these
              instances, in addition to the other documentation noted above, you
              must also attach a copy of the explanation of benefits sheet
              issued by the other plan's carrier to your claim.

         -    should the other plan's coverage be secondary, then your claim
              should be submitted to the Revlon plan first. Once Revlon has
              issued its payment determination under our basic plan, a claim for
              any remaining balance should be filed with the secondary carrier.
              If any unpaid balance still remains, you will need to submit
              another claim so that it can be processed under the Executive
              Supplemental Medical Plan (again, a copy of the other plan's
              explanation of benefits sheet should be attached).

Note: prescription copayments must be filed separately with a medical claim
form.

PAYMENT OF BENEFITS
-------------------

With the exception of certain claims involving coordination of benefits, as
described in the preceding section, your claims will be processed concurrently
under the Health Care Program and Executive Supplemental Medical Expense Plan.
You will receive an explanation of benefits sheet which describes the
disposition of claims, if applicable. Benefits under the Executive Supplemental
Medical Expense Plan are paid to you unless arrangements have otherwise been
made.






                                       5

<PAGE>


TERMINATION OF COVERAGE
-----------------------

Your coverage under the Executive Supplemental Medical Expense Plan will stop on
the date:

o        your employment terminates for any reason,
o        you cease to qualify as an eligible employee,
         or
o        the Plan is terminated.

Your dependents' coverage will stop when your coverage ceases, or when they no
longer qualify as eligible dependents - whichever occurs first.

In the event of your death, your eligible dependents will be entitled to the
first six months of Continuation of Coverage at no cost to them.

CONTINUATION OF COVERAGE
------------------------

You or your dependents may continue Executive Supplemental Medical Expense Plan
coverage following the date it would otherwise end. To do so, you or your
dependents will be required to pay the full cost of coverage, as prescribed by
applicable statute. Additionally, in order to qualify for continue benefits
under the Plan, continue coverage must also be elected under The Revlon Health
Care Program.

Plan coverage for you and your dependents may be contained for up to 18 months,
should you cease to be eligible for any of the reasons stated in the preceding
section. Additionally, your dependents may elect to continue coverage for up to
36 months in the event of your death, divorce or loss of status as an eligible
dependent. A complete description of your continuation rights is contained in
The Revlon Health Care Program SPD.

PLAN DOCUMENTS
--------------

This Summary described only the highlights of the Executive Supplemental Medical
Expense Plan and does not attempt to cover all of the Plan's details. These are
contained in the master contract between Revlon, Inc. and Health Benefits
carrier which legally governs the Plan and is controlling in the event of a
conflict between this Summary and the operation of this Program.

PLAN CONTINUANCE
----------------

The Company expects and intends to continue the Executive Supplemental Medical
Expense Plan indefinitely, but reserves the right to end or amend it at any
time.








                                        6






</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
