<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.63
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>dex1063.txt
<DESCRIPTION>LETTER OF EMPLOYMENT DATED AS OF FEBRUARY 14, 2003
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                   Exhibit 10.63

Mr. Scott Kitlinski                                            February 14, 2003
37 West Street
Mansfield, MA 02048

Dear Scott:

To follow-up on your discussions with Scott Silk regarding the terms of your
employment at ePresence as Vice President and CIO, the following serves to
clarify details of your employment arrangement and supersedes the Agreement and
General Release dated the 6th day of December 2002:

1.   In the event of a Change in Control, (defined below), 50% of all your
     issued but unvested stock options will become fully vested and immediately
     available for exercise in accordance with the terms and conditions of the
     applicable ePresence Stock Incentive Plan.

2.   If your employment is terminated by ePresence for any reason, except For
     Cause, (defined below), ePresence will provide you the following payments
     and benefits:

     o   Subject to you remaining unemployed during the Continuation Period (as
         defined below), ePresence will pay you a salary continuance for a
         period of up to six (6) months (the "Continuation Period") on each
         regular, bi-weekly payroll cycle at your current base salary pay rate,
         less applicable payroll withholding for taxes, benefits contributions
         and other deductions.

     o   All bonuses you have earned or that are guaranteed (on a pro-rata
         basis) as of the effective date of your termination.

     o   Subject to you remaining unemployed during the Continuation Period and
         your payment of all applicable employee contributions during the
         Continuation Period, the Company will continue to provide medical,
         dental, prescription drug and life insurance coverage to you and your
         eligible dependents, if any, on terms substantially as in effect on the
         Termination Date.

     o   Accelerated vesting of those unvested incentive stock options which
         would have become fully vested within the six (6) month period
         following the effective date of your termination, which would be
         available for exercise in accordance with the applicable terms and
         conditions of the applicable ePresence Stock Incentive Plan.

<PAGE>

Scott Kitlinski                     Page 2                     February 14, 2003

     If you owe any money or property to the Company upon your departure from
     the Company, by signing below, you specifically authorize the Company to
     withhold such amount from your final paycheck(s), to the extent permitted
     by law.

For purposes of this letter, the following terms shall have the following
respective meanings:

     o   Termination of employment for cause ("For Cause") shall mean
         termination by reason of (a) any act or omission involving dishonesty,
         gross negligence or serious misconduct, or (b) your conviction of, or
         the entry of a pleading guilty or nolo contendere by you to, any crime
         involving sexual harassment or any felony. Termination of employment
         For Cause will be presented in writing, accompanied by a written
         statement of reasons. A process of binding arbitration will resolve
         disagreements.

     o   A change in control ("Change in Control") of the Company shall be
         deemed to occur if and only if (a) any person or entity (other than the
         Company, any trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an
         employee benefit plan of the Company, or any corporation owned directly
         or indirectly by the stockholders of the Company in substantially the
         same proportion as their ownership of stock of the Company) is or
         becomes the "beneficial owner" (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the
         Securities and Exchange of 1934, as amended), directly or indirectly,
         of securities of the Company representing more than 50% of the combined
         voting power of the Company's then outstanding voting securities (b) a
         merger or consolidation of the Company following which the voting
         securities of the Company outstanding immediately prior thereto do not
         continue to represent more than 50% of the combined voting power of the
         voting securities of the Company or the entity outstanding immediately
         after such merger or consolidation, or (c) a sale of all or
         substantially all of the assets of the Company.

Since ePresence's standard policy does not provide for agreements guaranteeing
employment for any specific period of time, this summary of terms is not
intended to be construed as an employment contract and does not otherwise create
any contractual obligations, therefore, you will be an employee at will which
means that either you or the Company may terminate the employment relationship
at any time and for any reason. Termination of your employment is subject to a
30-day notice period for cancellation by either party.

                                                    Sincerely,

                                                    /s/ Anthony J. Bellantuoni
                                                    --------------------------
                                                    Anthony J. Bellantuoni
                                                    Senior Vice President
                                                    Human Resources
                                                   ePresence, Inc.

cc:      Scott Silk, Senior Vice President, Services

Acknowledged:

/s/ Scott Kitlinski                                         3-4-2003
---------------------------------                    ----------------------
Scott Kitlinski                                               Date

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
