<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>exhibit10-8.txt
<TEXT>
                     HARRIS & HARRIS GROUP, INC
            EXECUTIVE MANDATORY RETIREMENT BENEFIT PLAN


                             SECTION I

                              PURPOSE

             1.1  Purpose.  The purpose of the Harris & Harris
     Group, Inc. Executive Mandatory Retirement Benefit Plan
     (the "Plan") is to provide those employees of Harris &
     Harris Group, Inc. who are required to retire pursuant to
     the Harris & Harris Group, Inc. Executive Mandatory
     Retirement Program with a nonforfeitable retirement
     benefit which will satisfy the requirements for exempting
     those employees from any prohibitions against mandatory
     retirement which might otherwise apply under any age
     discrimination laws applicable to such terminations of
     employment.


                             SECTION II

                            DEFINITIONS

             2.1  Definitions.  The following definitions
     shall apply for purposes of the Plan, unless a different
     meaning is plainly indicated by the context:

                 (a)  Age Discrimination Acts shall mean,
     collectively, the federal Age Discrimination in Employ
     ment Act, 29 U.S.C. Section 621 et seq., the New York State
     Human Rights Law, N.Y. Exec. Law Section 290 et seq., the New
     York City Human Rights Law, Section 8-107 and any other
     applicable law pertaining to age discrimination, as well as
     any regulations promulgated under any such law.

                 (b)  Board shall mean the Board of Directors
     of the Company, as constituted from time to time.

                 (c)  Code shall mean the Internal Revenue
     Code of 1986, as amended from time to time.

                 (d)  Committee shall mean a committee to
     administer the Program which shall be comprised of all
     members of the Company's Board of Directors serving from
     time to time who would be treated as "non-interested
     directors" for purposes of determining eligibility for
     service on the Board's Audit Committee.

                 (e)  Company shall mean Harris & Harris
     Group, Inc., and any successor to all or a major portion
     of its assets or business, which successor assumes the
     obligations of the Company under this Plan by operation
     of law or otherwise.

                 (f)  Effective Mandatory Retirement Date
     shall be the date on which an employee's employment is
     actually terminated in a mandatory retirement pursuant to
     the Program (whether such date is the Initial Mandatory
     Retirement Date or a later date).

                 (g)  ERISA shall mean the Employee Retirement
     Income Security Act of 1974, as amended from time to
     time.

                 (h)  Initial Mandatory Retirement Date, for
     an employee of the Company who has been designated as
     subject to the Program, shall be December 31 of the year
     in which the employee attains the age of 65 years (or
     December 31 of such later year as the two-year "bona fide
     executive or high policymaking position" employment
     requirement of the Program is first met by the employee);
     provided, however, that the employee's mandatory retirement
     can be postponed in accordance with the Program.

                 (i)  Mandatory Retirement Benefit Amount
     shall mean the lump sum equivalent of a nonforfeitable
     retirement benefit (within the meaning of, and calculated
     in accordance with, the Age Discrimination Acts) which
     will satisfy the requirements for exempting the Participant
     from any prohibitions against compulsory retirement
     under the Age Discrimination Acts immediately prior to
     the Participant's Effective Mandatory Retirement Date.
     As of the adoption of this Plan, the Mandatory Retirement
     Benefit Amount is the lump sum equivalent of an immediate
     nonforfeitable straight life annuity (with no ancillary
     benefits) of $44,000.

                 (j)  Offsetting Benefit Amount shall mean the
     aggregate lump sum equivalent of those benefits to which
     a Participant is entitled outside of the Plan which are
     treated as immediate nonforfeitable retirement benefits
     pursuant to the Age Discrimination Acts.  The Offsetting
     Benefit Amount shall be calculated by adjusting the
     relevant benefits to lump sum equivalents in accordance
     with the Age Discrimination Acts.

                 (k)  Participant shall mean any employee of
     the Company who is being required to retire pursuant to
     the Harris & Harris Group, Inc. Executive Mandatory
     Retirement Program and participation shall begin immediately
     prior to the employee's Effective Mandatory Retirement Date.

                 (l)  Plan shall mean the Harris & Harris
     Group, Inc. Executive Mandatory Retirement Benefit Plan,
     as set forth in this plan instrument, as it may be
     amended from time to time.

                 (m)  Plan Benefit shall mean the benefit
     payable to a Participant hereunder and calculated
     pursuant to Section 3.1 hereof.

                 (n)  Program shall mean the Harris & Harris
     Group, Inc. Executive Retirement Program, as it may be
     amended from time to time.


                            SECTION III

                              BENEFITS

             3.1  Plan Benefit.  Each Participant shall be
     entitled under this Plan to receive a Plan Benefit equal
     to (or actuarially equivalent to) the result obtained by
     reducing the Mandatory Retirement Benefit Amount by the
     Participant's Offsetting Benefit Amount (if any), but
     only if such result is a positive amount.

             The Plan Benefit shall be payable to the
     Participant, as determined in the sole discretion of the
     Committee, either (i) in the form of a lump sum within
     sixty days after the Participant's termination of
     employment or (ii) in the form of a straight life annuity
     (with no ancillary benefits) with payments commencing
     within sixty days after the Participant's termination of
     employment.  Any adjustment to the form of payment shall
     be made in accordance with the Age Discrimination Acts.
     If the Plan Benefit is paid in a lump sum, the amount
     shall be adjusted to the extent necessary (if any) to
     comply with the Age Discrimination Acts.

             3.2  Vesting.  Each Participant shall become
     completely vested in his or her Plan Benefit immediately
     prior to his or her Effective Mandatory Retirement Date
     and the Plan Benefit shall be nonforfeitable.



                             SECTION IV

                           ADMINISTRATION

             4.1  Administration.  The Plan shall be administered
     by the Committee.

             4.2  Duties.  The Committee shall perform the
     duties required, and shall have the powers necessary, to
     administer the Plan and carry out the provisions thereof.

             4.3  Powers.  The powers of the Committee shall
     be as follows:

                      (a)  To determine any question arising
                 in connection with the Plan (and its decision
                 or action in respect thereof shall be final,
                 conclusive and binding upon the Company and
                 the Participants and any other individual
                 interested herein);

                      (b)  To engage the services of counsel
                 or attorney (who may be counsel or attorney
                 for the Company) and an actuary, if it deems
                 necessary, and such other agents or assistants
                 as it deems advisable for the proper
                 administration of the Plan; and

                      (c)  To receive from the Company and
                 from Participants such information as shall
                 be necessary for the proper administration of
                 the Plan.

             4.4  Claims Procedure.  Subject to the provisions
     of this Plan, the Committee shall make all determinations
     as to the right of any individual to a benefit.  Any
     denial by the Committee of the claim for benefits under
     the Plan by a Participant or any other individual
     interested herein shall be stated in writing by the
     Committee and delivered or mailed to the Participant or
     such individual.  Such notice shall set forth the
     specific reasons for the denial, written to the best of
     the Committee's ability in a manner that may be
     understood without legal or actuarial counsel.  In addition,
     the Committee shall afford to any Participant whose
     claim for benefits has been denied a reasonable
     opportunity for a review of the decision denying the
     claim.


                             SECTION V

                     NONALIENATION OF BENEFITS

             Neither the Participant nor any other individual
     shall have any right to assign or otherwise to alienate
     the right to receive payments under the Plan, in whole or
     in part.


                             SECTION VI

                     AMENDMENT AND TERMINATION

             The Company reserves the right at any time by
     action of the Board to terminate the Plan or to amend its
     provisions in any way.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, no
     termination or amendment of the Plan may reduce the
     benefits payable under the Plan to the Participant if the
     Participant's termination of employment with the Company
     has occurred prior to such termination of the Plan or
     amendment of its provisions.


                            SECTION VII

                           MISCELLANEOUS

             7.1  No Right to Employment.  This Plan shall not
     be construed as providing any Participant with the right
     to be retained in the Company's employ or to receive any
     benefit not specifically provided hereunder.

             7.2  No Effect on Other Compensation and Benefits.
     Nothing contained herein shall exclude or in any
     manner modify or otherwise affect any existing or future
     rights of any Participant to participate in and receive
     the benefits of any compensation, bonus, pension, life
     insurance, medical and hospitalization insurance or other
     employee benefit plan or program to which he or she
     otherwise might be or become entitled as an officer or
     employee of the Company.

             7.3  Governing Law.  This Plan shall be construed
     in accordance with and governed by the laws of the State
     of New York, without regard to its conflicts of law
     principles.

             7.4  Status.  This Plan is not intended to satify
     the requirements for qualification under Section
     401(a) of the Code.  It is intended to be a nonqualified
     plan that is not subject to ERISA.  The Plan shall be
     construed and administered so as to effectuate this
     intent.

             7.5  Plan Expenses; Plan Unfunded.  All expenses
     of establishing and administering the Plan shall be paid
     by the Company.  No individual interested herein shall
     have any interest in any specific assets of the Company
     by reason of the individual's interest under the Plan,
     and such individuals shall have only the status of
     unsecured creditors of the Company with respect to any
     benefits that become payable under this Plan.  The
     Company is not required to purchase any annuity from any
     third party to provide a Plan Benefit.

             7.6  Successors.  The Company shall require any
     successor (whether direct or indirect, by purchase,
     merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all or substantially
     all of the business and/or assets of the Company
     to expressly assume the Company's obligations hereunder
     in the same manner and to the same extent that the Com
     pany would be required to perform if no such succession
     had taken place.

            7.7  Withholding Requirements.  Payment of
     benefits under this Plan shall be subject to applicable
     withholding requirements.

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
