<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.3
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>dex993.txt
<DESCRIPTION>POOLING AND SERVICING AGREEMENT DATED 1/15/03
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                    Exhibit 99.3

================================================================================



                         POOLING AND SERVICING AGREEMENT

                                     BETWEEN

                         CAPITAL AUTO RECEIVABLES, INC.

                                       AND

                      GENERAL MOTORS ACCEPTANCE CORPORATION

                          DATED AS OF JANUARY 15, 2003



================================================================================

<PAGE>

                                TABLE OF CONTENTS

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                       Page
<S>                                                                                    <C>
ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS .............................................................      1

SECTION 1.01      Definitions .....................................................      1
SECTION 1.02      Owner of a Receivable ...........................................      2

ARTICLE II PURCHASE AND SALE OF RECEIVABLES .......................................      2

SECTION 2.01      Purchase and Sale of Receivables ................................      2
SECTION 2.02      Receivables Purchase Price ......................................      4
SECTION 2.03      The Closings ....................................................      4
SECTION 2.04      Custody of Receivable Files .....................................      4

ARTICLE III ADMINISTRATION AND SERVICING OF RECEIVABLES ...........................      5

SECTION 3.01      Duties of the Servicer ..........................................      5
SECTION 3.02      Collection of Receivable Payments ...............................      6
SECTION 3.03      Rebates on Full Prepayments on Scheduled Interest Receivables ...      6
SECTION 3.04      Realization Upon Liquidating Receivables ........................      7
SECTION 3.05      Maintenance of Insurance Policies ...............................      7
SECTION 3.06      Maintenance of Security Interests in Vehicles ...................      7
SECTION 3.07      Covenants, Representations and Warranties of the Servicer .......      7
SECTION 3.08      Purchase of Receivables Upon Breach of Covenant .................     10
SECTION 3.09      Total Servicing Fee; Payment of Certain Expenses by Servicer ....     10
SECTION 3.10      Servicer's Accounting ...........................................     10
SECTION 3.11      Application of Collections ......................................     10

ARTICLE IV REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES .........................................     11

SECTION 4.01      Representations and Warranties as to the Receivables ............     11
SECTION 4.02      Additional Representations and Warranties of GMAC ...............     15
SECTION 4.03      Representations and Warranties of CARI ..........................     16

ARTICLE V ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS ...................................................     17

SECTION 5.01      Conflicts With Further Transfer and Servicing Agreements ........     17
SECTION 5.02      Protection of Title; ............................................     17
SECTION 5.03      Other Liens or Interests ........................................     18
SECTION 5.04      Repurchase Events ...............................................     18
SECTION 5.05      Indemnification .................................................     18
SECTION 5.06      Further Assignments .............................................     18
SECTION 5.07      Pre-Closing Collections .........................................     18

ARTICLE VI CONDITIONS .............................................................     19

SECTION 6.01      Conditions to Obligation of CARI ................................     19
SECTION 6.02      Conditions To Obligation of GMAC ................................     20

ARTICLE VII MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS ..............................................     21

SECTION 7.01      Amendment .......................................................     21
SECTION 7.02      Survival ........................................................     21
SECTION 7.03      Notices .........................................................     21
SECTION 7.04      Governing Law ...................................................     21
SECTION 7.05      Waivers .........................................................     21
SECTION 7.06      Costs and Expenses ..............................................     21
SECTION 7.07      Confidential Information ........................................     22
</TABLE>

                                       i

<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<S>                                                                             <C>
SECTION 7.08      Headings ...................................................  22
SECTION 7.09      Counterparts ...............................................  22
SECTION 7.10      No Petition Covenant .......................................  22
SECTION 7.11      Limitations on Rights of Others ............................  22


EXHIBIT  A          Form of First Step Initial Receivables Assignment

EXHIBIT B           Form of First Step Additional Receivables Assignment

APPENDIX A          Definitions, Rules of Construction and Notices

APPENDIX B          Additional Representations and Warranties
</TABLE>

                                       ii

<PAGE>

     THIS POOLING AND SERVICING AGREEMENT, dated as of January 15, 2003, between
CAPITAL AUTO RECEIVABLES, INC., a Delaware corporation ("CARI"), and GENERAL
MOTORS ACCEPTANCE CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation (herein referred to as
"GMAC" in its capacity as seller of the Receivables and as the "Servicer" in its
capacity as servicer of the Receivables).

     WHEREAS, CARI desires to purchase on the date hereof and from time to time
hereafter portfolios of automobile and light truck retail instalment sale
contracts and related rights owned by GMAC;

     WHEREAS, GMAC is willing to sell on the date hereof and from time to time
hereafter such contracts and related rights to CARI;

     WHEREAS, CARI may wish to sell or otherwise transfer on the date hereof and
from time to time hereafter such contracts and related rights, or interests
therein, to a trust, corporation, partnership or other entity (any such entity
being the "Issuer");

     WHEREAS, the Issuer may issue debentures, notes, participations,
certificates of beneficial interest, partnership interests or other interests or
securities (collectively, any such issued interests or securities being
"Securities") to fund its acquisition of such contracts and related rights;

     WHEREAS, the Issuer may wish to provide in the agreements pursuant to which
it acquires its interest in such contracts and related rights and issues the
Securities (all such agreements, including the Trust Sale and Servicing
Agreement, and the Indenture being collectively the "Further Transfer and
Servicing Agreements") that GMAC shall service such contracts;

     WHEREAS, the Servicer is willing to service such contracts in accordance
with the terms hereof for the benefit of CARI and, by its execution of the
Further Transfer and Servicing Agreements, will be willing to service such
contracts in accordance with the terms of such Further Transfer and Servicing
Agreements for the benefit of the Issuer and each other party identified or
described herein or in the Further Transfer and Servicing Agreements as having
an interest as owner, trustee, secured party, or holder of Securities (the
Issuer and all such parties under the Further Transfer and Servicing Agreements
being "Interested Parties") with respect to such contracts, and the proceeds
thereof, as the interests of such parties may appear from time to time.

     NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual covenants
herein contained, the parties hereto agree as follows:

                                    ARTICLE I
                                   DEFINITIONS

     SECTION 1.01 Definitions. Certain capitalized terms used in this Agreement
are defined in and shall have the respective meanings assigned to them in Part I
of Appendix A to this Agreement. All references herein to "the Agreement" or
"this Agreement" are to this Pooling and Servicing Agreement as it may be
amended, supplemented or modified from time to

                                       1

<PAGE>

time, and all references herein to Articles and Sections are to Articles or
Sections of this Agreement unless otherwise specified. The rules of construction
set forth in Part II of such Appendix A shall be applicable to this Agreement.

     SECTION 1.02 Owner of a Receivable. For purposes of this Agreement, the
"Owner" of a Receivable shall mean CARI until the sale, transfer, assignment or
other conveyance of such Receivable by CARI pursuant to the terms of the Further
Transfer and Servicing Agreements, and thereafter shall mean the Issuer;
provided, that GMAC or CARI, as applicable, shall be the "Owner" of any
Receivable from and after the time that such Person shall acquire such
Receivable, whether pursuant to Section 3.08 or 5.04 of this Agreement, any
provision of the Further Transfer and Servicing Agreements or otherwise.

                                   ARTICLE II
                        PURCHASE AND SALE OF RECEIVABLES

     SECTION 2.01 Purchase and Sale of Receivables.

       (a) Initial Purchase. On such date as is acceptable to CARI and GMAC,
subject to satisfaction of the conditions specified in Article VI and the First
Step Initial Receivables Assignment (and, in any event, immediately prior to
consummation of the related transactions contemplated by the Further Transfer
and Servicing Agreements, if any), GMAC shall sell, transfer, assign and
otherwise convey to CARI, without recourse:

           (i)   all right, title and interest of GMAC in, to and under the
Initial Receivables listed on the Schedule of Initial Receivables and (A) in the
case of Initial Receivables that are Scheduled Interest Receivables, all monies
due thereunder on and after the Initial Cutoff Date and (B) in the case of
Initial Receivables that are Simple Interest Receivables, all monies received
thereon on and after the Initial Cutoff Date, in each case, exclusive of any
amounts allocable to the premium for physical damage insurance force-placed by
GMAC covering any related Financed Vehicle;

           (ii)  the interest of GMAC in the security interests in the Financed
Vehicles granted by Obligors pursuant to the Initial Receivables and, to the
extent permitted by law, any accessions thereto;

           (iii) except for those Initial Receivables originated in Wisconsin,
the interest of GMAC in any proceeds from claims on any physical damage, credit
life, credit disability or other insurance policies covering Financed Vehicles
or Obligors;

           (iv)  the interest of GMAC in any proceeds from recourse against
Dealers on the Initial Receivables;

           (v)   all right, title and interest of the Seller in, to and under
the First Step Initial Receivables Assignment;

           (vi)  the right to purchase Additional Receivables during the
Revolving Period at a price equal to the Additional Receivables Discounted
Principal Balance; and

                                       2

<PAGE>

                (vii)   the interest of GMAC in any proceeds of the property
described in clauses (i) and (ii) above.

     The property described in clauses (i) through (vii) above is referred to
herein collectively as the "Initial Purchased Property."

          (b)   Additional Purchases. On each Additional Closing Date, subject
to the satisfaction of the conditions specified in Article VI and the First Step
Additional Receivables Assignment (and, in any event, immediately prior to
consummation of the related transactions contemplated by the Further Transfer
and Servicing Agreements, if any), GMAC shall sell, transfer, assign and
otherwise convey to CARI, without recourse:

                (i)     all right, title and interest of GMAC in, to and under
the Additional Receivables listed on the Schedule of Additional Receivables for
such Additional Closing Date and (1) in the case of Additional Receivables that
are Scheduled Interest Receivables, all monies received thereunder on and after
the related Additional Cutoff Date, and (2) in the case of Additional
Receivables that are Simple Interest Receivables, all monies received thereon on
and after the related Additional Cutoff Date, in each case, exclusive of any
amounts allocable to the premium for physical damage insurance force-placed by
GMAC covering any related financed Vehicle;

                (ii)    the interest of GMAC in the security interests in the
Financed Vehicles granted by Obligors pursuant to the Additional Receivables
and, to the extent permitted by law, any accessions thereto;

                (iii)   except for those Additional Receivables originated in
Wisconsin, the interest of GMAC in any proceeds from claims on any physical
damage, credit life, credit disability or other insurance policies covering
Financed Vehicles or Obligors;

                (iv)    the interest of GMAC in any proceeds from recourse
against Dealers on the Additional Receivables;

                (v)     all right, title and interest of the Seller in, to and
under the related First Step Additional Receivables Assignment; and

                (vi)    the interest of GMAC in any proceeds of the property
described in clauses (i) and (ii) above.

     The property described in clauses (i) through (vii) above is referred to
herein collectively as the "Additional Purchased Property." The Initial
Purchased Property and the Additional Purchased Property are referred to herein
collectively as the "Purchased Property."

          (c)   It is the intention of GMAC and CARI that the transfer and
assignment of Receivables contemplated by this Agreement and each First Step
Receivables Assignment shall constitute a sale of the Receivables from GMAC to
CARI and the beneficial interest in and title to the Receivables shall not be
part of GMAC's estate in the event of the filing of a bankruptcy petition by or
against GMAC under any bankruptcy law.

                                        3

<PAGE>

          (d)   The transfer and assignment of Receivables contemplated by this
Agreement and each First Step Receivables Assignment does not constitute and is
not intended to result in any assumption by CARI of any obligation of GMAC to
the Obligors, Dealers, insurers or any other Person in connection with the
Receivables, any Dealer Agreements, any insurance policies or any agreement or
instrument relating to any of them.

     SECTION 2.02   Receivables Purchase Price.

          (a)   Initial Purchase. In consideration for the Initial Purchased
Property, CARI shall, on the Initial Closing Date, pay to GMAC an amount equal
to the Initial Receivables Discounted Principal Balance in respect of the
Initial Receivables and GMAC shall execute and deliver to CARI an assignment in
the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the "First Step Initial Receivables
Assignment"). A portion of the Receivables Purchase Price equal to
$3,064,429,326.67 shall be paid to GMAC in immediately available funds, and the
balance of the Receivables Purchase Price shall be recorded as an advance from
GMAC to CARI pursuant to the Intercompany Advance Agreement.

          (b)   Additional Receivables. In consideration for the Additional
Purchased Property to be sold by GMAC to CARI, CARI shall, on each related
Additional Closing Date, pay to GMAC an amount equal to the Additional
Receivables Discounted Principal Balance in respect of the Additional
Receivables sold on such date and GMAC shall execute and deliver to CARI a First
Step Additional Receivables Assignment in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B
(the "First Step Additional Receivables Assignment"). The First Step Initial
Receivables Assignment and each First Step Additional Receivables Assignment are
collectively referred to herein as the "First Step Receivables Assignments."

     SECTION 2.03   The Closings.

          (a)   Initial Purchase. The sale and purchase of the Initial
Receivables shall take place at the offices of Kirkland & Ellis, 153 East 53/rd/
Street, New York, New York 10022, on the Initial Closing Date at a time mutually
agreeable to GMAC and CARI, and will occur simultaneously with the closing of
transactions contemplated by the Further Transfer and Servicing Agreements.

          (b)   Additional Purchases. The sale and purchase of the Additional
Receivables shall take place on the Additional Closing Dates at such locations
and at such times as are mutually agreeable to GMAC and CARI, and will occur
simultaneously with the closing of transactions contemplated by any Further
Transfer and Servicing Agreements.

     SECTION 2.04   Custody of Receivable Files. In connection with the sale,
transfer and assignment of the Receivables to CARI pursuant to this Agreement
and the First Step Receivables Assignments, CARI, simultaneously with the
execution and delivery of this Agreement, shall enter into the Custodian
Agreement with the Custodian, pursuant to which CARI shall revocably appoint the
Custodian, and the Custodian shall accept such appointment, to act as the agent
of CARI as Custodian of the following documents or instruments which shall be
constructively delivered to CARI with respect to each Receivable:

                                        4

<PAGE>

          (a)   the fully executed original of the instalment sale contract for
such Receivable;

          (b)   documents evidencing or related to any Insurance Policy;

          (c)   the original credit application of each Obligor, fully executed
by each such Obligor on GMAC's customary form, or on a form approved by GMAC,
for such application;

          (d)   where permitted by law, the original certificate of title (when
received) and otherwise such documents, if any, that GMAC keeps on file in
accordance with its customary procedures indicating that the Financed Vehicle is
owned by the Obligor and subject to the interest of GMAC as first lienholder or
secured party; and

          (e)   any and all other documents that GMAC keeps on file in
accordance with its customary procedures relating to the individual Receivable,
Obligor or Financed Vehicle.

                                   ARTICLE III
                   ADMINISTRATION AND SERVICING OF RECEIVABLES

     SECTION 3.01   Duties of the Servicer. The Servicer is hereby appointed and
authorized to act as agent for the Owner of the Receivables and in such capacity
shall manage, service, administer and make collections on the Receivables with
reasonable care, using that degree of skill and attention that the Servicer
exercises with respect to comparable automotive receivables that it services for
itself or others. The Servicer hereby accepts such appointment and authorization
and agrees to perform the duties of Servicer with respect to the Receivables set
forth herein and in the Further Transfer and Servicing Agreements. The
Servicer's duties shall include collection and posting of all payments,
responding to inquiries of Obligors, investigating delinquencies, sending
payment coupons to Obligors, reporting tax information to Obligors, policing the
collateral, accounting for collections and furnishing monthly and annual
statements to the Owner of any Receivables with respect to distributions,
generating federal income tax information and performing the other duties
specified herein. Subject to the provisions of Section 3.02, the Servicer shall
follow its customary standards, policies and procedures and shall have full
power and authority, acting alone, to do any and all things in connection with
such managing, servicing, administration and collection that it may deem
necessary or desirable. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the
Servicer is hereby authorized and empowered by the Owner of the Receivables,
pursuant to this Section 3.01, to execute and deliver, on behalf of all
Interested Parties, or any of them, any and all instruments of satisfaction or
cancellation, or of partial or full release or discharge, and all other
comparable instruments, with respect to the Receivables and the Financed
Vehicles. The Servicer is hereby authorized to commence, in its own name or in
the name of the Owner of such Receivable a legal proceeding to enforce a
Liquidating Receivable as contemplated by Section 3.04, to enforce all
obligations of GMAC and CARI under this Agreement and under the Further Transfer
and Servicing Agreements or to commence or participate in a legal proceeding
(including without limitation a bankruptcy proceeding) relating to or involving
a Receivable or a Liquidating Receivable. If the Servicer commences or
participates in such a legal proceeding in its own name, the Servicer is hereby
authorized and empowered by the Owner of the Receivables pursuant to this
Section 3.01, to obtain possession of the related Financed Vehicle and
immediately and without further

                                        5

<PAGE>

action on the part of the Owner or the Servicer, the Owner of such Receivable
shall thereupon automatically assign in trust such Receivable and the security
interest in the related Financed Vehicle to the Servicer for the benefit of the
Interested Parties for purposes of commencing or participating in any such
proceeding as a party or claimant. Upon such automatic assignment, the Servicer
will be, and will have all the rights and duties of, a secured party under the
UCC and other applicable law with respect to such Receivable and the related
Financed Vehicle. At the Servicer's request from time to time, the Owner of a
Receivable assigned under this Section 3.01 shall provide the Servicer with
evidence of the assignment in trust for the benefit of the Interested Parties as
may be reasonably necessary for the Servicer to take any of the actions set
forth in the following sentence. The Servicer is hereby authorized and empowered
by the Owner of a Receivable to execute and deliver in the Servicer's name any
notices, demands, claims, complaints, responses, affidavits or other documents
or instruments in connection with any such proceeding. Any Owner of Receivables
shall furnish the Servicer with any powers of attorney and other documents and
take any other steps which the Servicer may deem necessary or appropriate to
enable the Servicer to carry out its servicing and administrative duties under
this Agreement and the Further Transfer and Servicing Agreements. Except to the
extent required by the preceding two sentences, the authority and rights granted
to the Servicer in this Section 3.01 shall be nonexclusive and shall not be
construed to be in derogation of the retention by the Owner of a Receivable of
equivalent authority and rights.

     SECTION 3.02   Collection of Receivable Payments. The Servicer shall make
reasonable efforts to collect all payments called for under the terms and
provisions of the Receivables as and when the same shall become due, and shall
follow such collection practices, policies and procedures as it follows with
respect to comparable automotive receivables that it services for itself or
others in connection therewith. Except as provided in Section 3.07(a)(iii), the
Servicer is hereby authorized to grant extensions, rebates or adjustments on a
Receivable without the prior consent of the Owner of such Receivable. The
Servicer is authorized in its discretion to waive any prepayment charge, late
payment charge or any other fees that may be collected in the ordinary course of
servicing such Receivable.

     SECTION 3.03   Rebates on Full Prepayments on Scheduled Interest
Receivables. If the amount of a full Prepayment by an Obligor under a Scheduled
Interest Receivable, after adjustment for the Rebate, is less than the amount
that would be payable under the actuarial method if a full Prepayment were made
at the end of the billing month under such Scheduled Interest Receivable, either
because the Rebate calculated under the terms of such Receivable is greater than
the amount calculable under the actuarial method or because the Servicer's
customary servicing procedure is to credit a greater Rebate, the Servicer, as
part of its servicing duties, shall remit such difference to the Owner of such
Receivable.

                                        6

<PAGE>

     SECTION 3.04   Realization Upon Liquidating Receivables. The Servicer shall
use reasonable efforts, consistent with its customary servicing procedures, to
repossess or otherwise comparably convert the ownership of any Financed Vehicle
that it has reasonably determined should be repossessed or otherwise converted
following a default under the Receivable secured by the Financed Vehicle. The
Servicer is authorized to follow such practices, policies and procedures as it
follows with respect to comparable automotive receivables that it services for
itself or others, which practices, policies and procedures may include
reasonable efforts to realize upon any recourse to Dealers, selling the related
Financed Vehicle at public or private sale and other actions by the Servicer in
order to realize upon such a Receivable. The Servicer is hereby authorized to
exercise its discretion consistent with its customary servicing procedures, the
terms of this Agreement and in accordance with Section 2.06 of the Trust Sale
and Serving Agreement. The foregoing is subject to the provision that, in any
case in which the Financed Vehicle shall have suffered damage, the Servicer
shall not expend funds in connection with any repair or towards the repossession
of such Financed Vehicle unless it shall determine in its discretion that such
repair and/or repossession shall increase the proceeds of liquidation of the
related Receivable by an amount greater than the amount of such expenses. The
Servicer shall be entitled to receive Liquidation Expenses with respect to each
Liquidating Receivable at such time as the Receivable becomes a Liquidating
Receivable (or as may otherwise be provided in the Further Transfer and
Servicing Agreements).

     SECTION 3.05   Maintenance of Insurance Policies. The Servicer shall, in
accordance with its customary servicing procedures, require that each Obligor
shall have obtained physical damage insurance covering the Financed Vehicle as
of the execution of the related Receivable. The Servicer shall, in accordance
with its customary servicing procedures, monitor such physical damage insurance
with respect to each Receivable.

     SECTION 3.06   Maintenance of Security Interests in Vehicles. The Servicer
shall, in accordance with its customary servicing procedures and at its own
expense, take such steps as are necessary to maintain perfection of the security
interest created by each Receivable in the related Financed Vehicle. The Owner
of each Receivable hereby authorizes the Servicer to re-perfect such security
interest on behalf of such Owner, as necessary because of the relocation of a
Financed Vehicle, or for any other reason.

     SECTION 3.07   Covenants, Representations and Warranties of the Servicer.
As of the Initial Closing Date with respect to the Initial Receivables and as of
each Additional Closing Date with respect to the Additional Receivables
purchased on each such Additional Closing Date, the Servicer hereby makes the
following representations, warranties and covenants on which CARI relies in
accepting the Receivables hereunder and pursuant to the First Step Receivables
Assignments, and on which the Issuer shall rely in accepting such Receivables
and executing and delivering the Securities under the Further Transfer and
Servicing Agreements.

                                        7

<PAGE>

              (a)    The Servicer covenants that from and after the closing
hereunder:

                     (i)    Liens in Force. Except as contemplated in this
Agreement or the Further Transfer and Servicing Agreements, the Servicer shall
not release in whole or in part any Financed Vehicle from the security interest
securing the related Receivable;

                     (ii)   No Impairment. The Servicer shall do nothing to
impair the rights or security interest of CARI or any Interested Party in and to
the Purchased Property; and

                     (iii)  No Modifications. The Servicer shall not amend or
otherwise modify any Receivable such that the Amount Financed, the Annual
Percentage Rate, the total number of Scheduled Payments (in the case of a
Scheduled Interest Receivable) or the number of originally scheduled due dates
(in the case of a Simple Interest Receivable), is altered or such that the last
Scheduled Payment (in the case of a Scheduled Interest Receivable) or the last
scheduled due date (in the case of a Simple Interest Receivable) occurs after
the Final Scheduled Distribution Date.

              (b)    Upon the execution hereof and of the Further Transfer and
Servicing Agreements, the Servicer represents and warrants to the Issuer and
CARI that as of the Initial Closing Date with respect to the Initial Receivables
and as of each Additional Closing Date with respect to the Additional
Receivables purchased on each such Additional Closing Date in addition to the
representations and warranties in Sections 4.01 and 4.02 being true that as of
each such Initial Closing Date or Additional Closing Date, as applicable:

                     (i)    Organization and Good Standing. The Servicer has
been duly organized and is validly existing and in good standing under the laws
of its state of incorporation, with power and authority to own its properties
and to conduct its business as such properties are presently owned and such
business is presently conducted, and had at all relevant times, and now has,
power, authority and legal right to service the Receivables as provided herein
and in the Further Transfer and Servicing Agreements;

                     (ii)   Due Qualification. The Servicer is duly qualified to
do business as a foreign corporation in good standing, and has obtained all
necessary licenses and approvals, in all jurisdictions in which the ownership or
lease of property or the conduct of its business (including the servicing of the
Receivables) requires or shall require such qualification;

                     (iii)  Power and Authority. The Servicer has the power and
authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and the Further Transfer and
Servicing Agreements and to carry out the terms of such agreements; and the
Servicer's execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the Further
Transfer and Servicing Agreements have been duly authorized by the Servicer by
all necessary corporate action;

                     (iv)   Binding Obligation. The Further Transfer and
Servicing Agreements and this Agreement, when duly executed and delivered, shall
constitute the legal, valid and binding obligations of the Servicer enforceable
in accordance with their respective terms, except as enforceability may be
limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, or other similar laws
affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights in general and by general

                                       8

<PAGE>

principles of equity, regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in
a proceeding in equity or at law;

                     (v)    No Violation. The consummation by the Servicer of
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the Further Transfer and
Servicing Agreements, and the fulfillment by the Servicer of the terms hereof
and thereof, shall not conflict with, result in any breach of any of the terms
and provisions of, or constitute (with or without notice or lapse of time) a
default under, the articles of incorporation or by-laws of the Servicer, or any
indenture, agreement, mortgage, deed of trust or other instrument to which the
Servicer is a party or by which it is bound, or result in the creation or
imposition of any Lien upon any of its properties pursuant to the terms of any
such indenture, agreement, mortgage, deed of trust or other instrument, other
than this Agreement and the Further Transfer and Servicing Agreements, or
violate any law or, to the best of the Servicer's knowledge, any order, rule or
regulation applicable to the Servicer of any court or of any federal or state
regulatory body, administrative agency or other governmental instrumentality
having jurisdiction over the Servicer or any of its properties;

                     (vi)   No Proceedings. To the Servicer's knowledge, there
are no proceedings or investigations pending, or threatened, before any court,
regulatory body, administrative agency or other tribunal or governmental
instrumentality having jurisdiction over the Servicer or its properties (A)
asserting the invalidity of this Agreement and the Further Transfer and
Servicing Agreements or any Securities issued thereunder, (B) seeking to prevent
the issuance of such Securities or the consummation of any of the transactions
contemplated by the Further Transfer and Servicing Agreements, or (C) seeking
any determination or ruling that might materially and adversely affect this
Agreement, the performance by the Servicer of its obligations under, or the
validity or enforceability of, the Further Transfer and Servicing Agreements;
and

                     (vii)  Reasonable Liquidation Expenses. The amounts defined
as "Liquidation Expenses" are a reasonable estimate of such expenses, reasonably
related to the Servicer's experience for such expenses in servicing comparable
automotive receivables.

                                       9

<PAGE>

       SECTION 3.08  Purchase of Receivables Upon Breach of Covenant. Upon
discovery by any of the Servicer, CARI or any party under the Further Transfer
and Servicing Agreements of a breach of any of the covenants set forth in
Sections 3.06 and 3.07(a), the party discovering such breach shall give prompt
written notice thereof to the others. As of the last day of the second Monthly
Period following its discovering or receiving notice of such breach (or, at the
Servicer's election, the last day of the first Monthly Period so following), the
Servicer shall, unless it shall have cured such breach in all material respects,
purchase from the Owner thereof any Receivable materially and adversely affected
by such breach as determined by such Owner and, on the related Distribution
Date, the Servicer shall pay the Administrative Purchase Payment, and shall be
entitled to receive the Released Administrative Amount, if any. It is understood
and agreed that the obligation of the Servicer to purchase any Receivable with
respect to which such a breach has occurred and is continuing shall, if such
obligation is fulfilled, constitute the sole remedy against the Servicer for
such breach available to CARI or any Interested Party.

       SECTION 3.09  Total Servicing Fee; Payment of Certain Expenses by
Servicer. The Servicer is entitled to receive the Total Servicing Fee and
Supplemental Servicing Fees out of collections in respect of the Receivables.
The Servicer shall also be entitled to Investment Earnings as, and to the
extent, set forth in the Further Transfer and Servicing Agreements. Subject to
any limitations on the Servicer's liability under the Further Transfer and
Servicing Agreements, the Servicer shall be required to pay all expenses
incurred by it in connection with its activities under this Agreement and under
the Further Transfer and Servicing Agreements (including fees and disbursements
of the Issuer, any trustees and independent accountants, taxes imposed on the
Servicer, expenses incurred in connection with distributions and reports to
holders of Securities and all other fees and expenses not expressly stated under
this Agreement or the Further Transfer and Servicing Agreements to be for the
account of the holders of Securities).

       SECTION 3.10  Servicer's Accounting. On each Determination Date under a
Further Transfer and Servicing Agreement, the Servicer shall deliver to each of
the trustees and other applicable parties under the Further Transfer and
Servicing Agreements and to CARI and the Rating Agencies a Servicer's Accounting
with respect to the immediately preceding Monthly Period executed by the
President or any Vice President of the Servicer containing all information
necessary to each such party for making any distributions required by the
Further Transfer and Servicing Agreements, and all information necessary to each
such party for sending any statements required under the Further Transfer and
Servicing Agreements. Receivables to be purchased by the Servicer under Sections
3.08 or 5.04 or to be repurchased by CARI or GMAC under the Further Transfer and
Servicing Agreements as of the last day of any Monthly Period shall be
identified by Receivable number (as set forth in the Schedule of Receivables).
With respect to any Receivables for which CARI is the Owner, the Servicer shall
deliver to CARI such accountings relating to such Receivables and the actions of
the Servicer with respect thereto as CARI may reasonably request.

       SECTION 3.11  Application of Collections. For the purposes of this
Agreement and the Further Transfer and Servicing Agreements, no later than each
Distribution Date all collections for the related Monthly Period shall be
applied by the Servicer as follows:

                                       10

<PAGE>

              (a)    With respect to each Scheduled Interest Receivable (other
than an Administrative Receivable or a Warranty Receivable), payments by or on
behalf of the Obligor which are not Supplemental Servicing Fees shall be applied
first to reduce outstanding advances of shortfalls in collections, if any, made
pursuant to the Further Transfer and Servicing Agreements with respect to such
Receivable. Next, the amount of any such payments in excess of Supplemental
Servicing Fees and any such advances with respect to such Receivable shall be
applied to the Scheduled Payment with respect to such Receivable. Any amount of
such payments remaining after the applications described in the preceding two
sentences constitutes an Excess Payment with respect to such Receivable, and
such Excess Payment (to the extent it does not constitute a Payment Ahead) shall
be applied to prepay such Receivable. If the amounts applied under the first two
sentences of this Section 3.11(a) shall be less than the Scheduled Payment,
whether as a result of any extension granted to the Obligor or otherwise, then
the Deferred Prepayment, if any, with respect to such Receivable shall be
applied by the Servicer to the extent of the shortfall, and such Deferred
Prepayment shall be reduced accordingly.

              (b)    With respect to all Simple Interest Receivables (other than
Administrative Receivables and Warranty Receivables), payments by or on behalf
of the Obligors which are not Supplemental Servicing Fees shall be applied first
to the payment to the Servicer of Excess Simple Interest Collections, if any,
and next to principal and interest on all such Simple Interest Receivables.

              (c)    With respect to each Administrative Receivable and Warranty
Receivable, payments by or on behalf of the Obligor shall be applied in the same
manner, except that any Released Administrative Amount or Released Warranty
Amount shall be remitted to the Servicer or CARI, as applicable. In the case of
a Scheduled Interest Receivable, a Warranty Payment shall be applied to reduce
any advances described in Section 3.11(a) and such Warranty Payment or an
Administrative Purchase Payment, as applicable, shall be applied to the
Scheduled Payment, in each case to the extent that the payments by or on behalf
of the Obligor shall be insufficient, and then to prepay such Receivable in
full. In the case of a Simple Interest Receivable, a Warranty Payment or an
Administrative Payment, as applicable, shall be applied to principal and
interest on such Receivable.

                                   ARTICLE IV
                         REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

       SECTION 4.01  Representations and Warranties as to the Receivables. GMAC
makes the following representations and warranties as to the Receivables on
which CARI relies in accepting the Receivables. Such representations and
warranties speak as of the Initial Closing Date with respect to the Initial
Receivables, and as of each Additional Closing Date with respect to the
Additional Receivables purchased on each such Additional Closing Date, and shall
survive the sale, transfer and assignment of the Receivables to CARI and the
subsequent assignment and transfer pursuant to the Further Transfer and
Servicing Agreements:

              (a)    Characteristics of Receivables.

                     (i)    General. Each Receivable:

                                       11

<PAGE>

                            (1)    is secured by a Financed Vehicle, was
originated in the United States by a Dealer for the retail sale of a Financed
Vehicle in the ordinary course of such Dealer's business, was fully and properly
executed by the parties thereto, was purchased by GMAC from such Dealer under an
existing Dealer Agreement, and was validly assigned by such Dealer to GMAC in
accordance with its terms.

                            (2)    has created or shall create a valid, binding
and enforceable first priority security interest in favor of GMAC in the
Financed Vehicle, which security interest is assignable by GMAC to CARI,

                            (3)    contains customary and enforceable provisions
such as to render the rights and remedies of the holder thereof adequate for
realization against the collateral of the benefits of the security,

                            (4)    is a Scheduled Interest Receivable or a
Simple Interest Receivable,

                            (5)    provides for level monthly payments (provided
that the payment in the first month and the final month of the life of the
Receivable may be different from the level payment) that shall amortize the
Amount Financed by maturity and shall yield interest at the Annual Percentage
Rate,

                            (6)    has an original term of not less than six and
not greater than 72 months and a remaining term of not less than six months,

                            (7)    has been acquired by GMAC under one of its
"special incentive rate financing programs," as such term is defined by the
Servicer on the date such Receivable was originated, designed to encourage
purchases of new cars and light trucks manufactured by General Motors
Corporation;

                     (ii)   Initial Receivables. In addition to the
characteristics set forth in Section 4.01(a)(i) above, each Initial Receivable
(1) has a first scheduled payment due date on or after November 1, 1998, (2) has
a final scheduled payment that is due no later than June 30, 2007, (3) was
originated on or after September 1, 1998, (4) as of the Initial Cutoff Date, was
not considered past due, that is, the payments due on that Initial Receivable in
excess of $25 have been received within 30 days of the scheduled payment date
and such Initial Receivable was not a Liquidating Receivable.

              In addition, with respect to the Initial Receivables, Scheduled
Interest Receivables represent (based on Principal Balances) 11% of the Initial
Aggregate Principal Balance, with the balance of the Initial Receivables being
Simple Interest Receivables.

                     (iii)  Additional Receivables. In addition to the
characteristics set forth in Section 4.01(a)(i) above, each Additional
Receivable (1) has a final scheduled payment that is due no later than 6 months
prior to the Final Scheduled Distribution Date of the Certificates, (2) as of
the related Additional Cutoff Date, was not considered past due, that is, the
payments due on that Initial Receivable in excess of $25 have been received
within 30 days of the scheduled payment date and such Additional Receivable was
not a Liquidating Receivable and (3) the

                                       12

<PAGE>

aggregate Principal Balance of Additional Receivables to be added on any
Additional Closing Date with original terms greater than 60 months is not more
than 5% of the Additional Receivables Principal Balance, in each case as of the
related Additional Cutoff Date.

          (b)    Creation, Perfection and Priority of Security Interests. The
representations and warranties regarding creation, perfection and priority of
security interests in the Purchased Property, which are attached to this
Agreement as Appendix B, are true and correct to the extent that they are
applicable.

          (c)    Schedule of Receivables. The information set forth in the
Schedule of Initial Receivables is, and each Schedule of Additional Receivables
will be, true and correct in all material respects, and no selection procedures
believed to be adverse to CARI or to holders of the Securities issued under the
Further Transfer and Servicing Agreements were utilized in selecting the
Receivables from those receivables of GMAC which meet the selection criteria set
forth in this Agreement;

          (d)    Compliance With Law. All requirements of applicable federal,
state and local laws, and regulations thereunder, including, without limitation,
usury laws, the Federal Truth-in-Lending Act, the Equal Credit Opportunity Act,
the Fair Credit Billing Act, the Fair Credit Reporting Act, the Fair Debt
Collection Practices Act, the Federal Trade Commission Act, the Magnuson-Moss
Warranty Act, the Federal Reserve Board's Regulations "B" and "Z", the Soldiers'
and Sailors' Civil Relief Act of 1940, the Texas Consumer Credit Code, and state
adaptations of the National Consumer Act and of the Uniform Consumer Credit Code
and other consumer credit laws and equal credit opportunity and disclosure laws,
in respect of any of the Receivables and other Purchased Property, have been
complied with in all material respects, and each Receivable and the sale of the
Financed Vehicle evidenced thereby complied at the time it was originated or
made and now complies in all material respects with all legal requirements of
the jurisdiction in which it was originated or made;

          (e)    Binding Obligation. Each Receivable represents the genuine,
legal, valid and binding payment obligation in writing of the Obligor thereon,
enforceable by the holder thereof in accordance with its terms, except as
enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or
similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights in general and by
equity, regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding
in equity or at law;

          (f)    Security Interest in Financed Vehicle. Immediately prior to the
sale, transfer and assignment thereof pursuant hereto and the First Step
Receivables Assignments, each Receivable was secured by a validly perfected
first priority security interest in the Financed Vehicle in favor of GMAC as
secured party or all necessary and appropriate action had been commenced that
would result in the valid perfection of a first priority security interest in
the Financed Vehicle in favor of GMAC as secured party;

          (g)    Receivables In Force. No Receivable has been satisfied,
subordinated or rescinded, and the Financed Vehicle securing each such
Receivable has not been released from the lien of the related Receivable in
whole or in part;

                                       13

<PAGE>

          (h)    No Waiver. Since the Initial Cutoff Date or any Additional
Cutoff Date, as applicable, no provision of a Receivable has been, or will be,
waived, altered or modified in any respect;

          (i)    No Defenses. No right of rescission, setoff, counterclaim or
defense has been asserted or threatened with respect to any Receivable;

          (j)    No Liens. To the best of GMAC's knowledge: (1) there are no
liens or claims that have been filed for work, labor or materials affecting any
Financed Vehicle securing any Receivable that are or may be liens prior to, or
equal or coordinate with, the security interest in the Financed Vehicle granted
by the Receivable; (2) no contribution failure has occurred with respect to any
Benefit Plan which is sufficient to give rise to a lien under Section 302 (f) of
ERISA with respect to any Receivable; and (3) no tax lien has been filed and no
claim related thereto is being asserted with respect to any Receivable.

          (k)    Insurance. Each Obligor is required to maintain a physical
damage insurance policy of the type that GMAC requires in accordance with its
customary underwriting standards for the purchase of automotive receivables;

          (l)    Good Title. No Receivable has been sold, transferred, assigned
or pledged by GMAC to any Person other than CARI; immediately prior to the
conveyance of the Receivables pursuant to this Agreement and the First Step
Receivables Assignments, GMAC had good and marketable title thereto, free of any
Lien; and, upon execution and delivery of this Agreement by GMAC, CARI shall
have all of the right, title and interest of GMAC in and to the Receivables, the
unpaid indebtedness evidenced thereby and the collateral security therefor, free
of any Lien;

          (m)    Lawful Assignment. No Receivable was originated in, or is
subject to the laws of, any jurisdiction the laws of which would make unlawful
the sale, transfer and assignment of such Receivable under this Agreement the
Trust Sale and Servicing Agreement and Indenture, as applicable;

          (n)    All Filings Made. All filings (including, without limitation,
UCC filings) necessary in any jurisdiction to give CARI a first priority
perfected ownership interest in the Receivables shall have been made;

          (o)    One Original. There is only one original executed copy of each
Receivable;

          (p)    No Documents or Instruments. No Receivable, or constituent part
thereof, constitutes a "negotiable instrument" or "negotiable document of title"
(as such terms are used in the UCC); and

          (q)    No Amendment. No Receivable has been amended or otherwise
modified such that the total number of the Obligor's Scheduled Payments (in the
case of a Scheduled Interest Receivable) or the number of originally scheduled
due dates (in the case of a Simple Interest Receivable) is increased or such
that the Amount Financed is increased.

                                       14

<PAGE>

      SECTION 4.02     Additional Representations and Warranties of GMAC. GMAC
hereby represents and warrants to CARI as of the Initial Closing Date with
respect to the Initial Receivables and as of each Additional Closing Date with
respect to the Additional Receivables purchased on each such Additional Closing
Date, both in its capacity as the seller of the Receivables hereunder and in its
capacity as Servicer, that:

          (a)    Organization and Good Standing. GMAC has been duly organized
and is validly existing as a corporation in good standing under the laws of the
State of Delaware, with power and authority to own its properties and to conduct
its business as such properties are presently owned and such business is
presently conducted;

          (b)    Due Qualification. GMAC is duly qualified to do business as a
foreign corporation in good standing, and has obtained all necessary licenses
and approvals, in all jurisdictions in which the ownership or lease of property
or the conduct of its business (including the servicing of the Receivables)
requires or shall require such qualification;

          (c)    Power and Authority. GMAC has the power and authority to
execute and deliver this Agreement and the First Step Receivables Assignments
and to carry out its terms; GMAC has full power and authority to sell and assign
the property to be sold and assigned to CARI and to service the Receivables as
provided herein and in the Further Transfer and Servicing Agreements, has duly
authorized such sale and assignment to CARI by all necessary corporate action;
and the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the First Step
Receivables Assignments have been duly authorized by GMAC by all necessary
corporate action;

          (d)    Valid Sale; Binding Obligation. This Agreement and the First
Step Receivables Assignments, when duly executed and delivered, shall constitute
a valid sale, transfer and assignment of the Initial Receivables, and each First
Step Additional Receivables Assignment, when duly executed and delivered, shall
constitute a valid sale, transfer and assignment of the respective Additional
Receivables, in each case, enforceable against creditors of and purchasers from
GMAC; and this Agreement together with the First Step Receivables Assignments,
when duly executed and delivered, shall constitute a legal, valid and binding
obligation of GMAC enforceable in accordance with its terms, except as
enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or other
similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights in general and by
general principles of equity, regardless of whether such enforceability is
considered in a proceeding in equity or at law;

          (e)    No Violation. The consummation of the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement and the First Step Receivables Assignments and the fulfillment
of the terms of this Agreement and the First Step Receivables Assignments shall
not conflict with, result in any breach of any of the terms and provisions of,
or constitute (with or without notice or lapse of time) a default under, the
articles of incorporation or by-laws of GMAC, or any indenture, agreement,
mortgage, deed of trust or other instrument to which GMAC is a party or by which
it is bound, or result in the creation or imposition of any Lien upon any of its
properties pursuant to the terms of any such indenture, agreement, mortgage,
deed of trust or other instrument, other than this Agreement and the First Step
Receivables Assignments or violate any law or, to the best of GMAC's knowledge,
any order, rule or regulation applicable to GMAC of any court or of

                                       15

<PAGE>

any federal or state regulatory body, administrative agency or other
governmental instrumentality having jurisdiction over GMAC or any of its
properties;

          (f)    No Proceedings. There are no proceedings or to GMAC's knowledge
investigations pending, or threatened, before any court, regulatory body,
administrative agency or other tribunal or governmental instrumentality having
jurisdiction over GMAC or its properties (A) asserting the invalidity of this
Agreement and the First Step Receivables Assignments , (B) seeking to prevent
the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and
the First Step Receivables Assignments, or (C) seeking any determination or
ruling that might materially and adversely affect the performance by GMAC of its
obligations under, or the validity or enforceability of, this Agreement and the
First Step Receivables Assignments; and

          (g)    No Insolvency. With respect to the Additional Receivables as of
the related Additional Closing Date, (i) GMAC was not and will not become
insolvent as a result of the transfer of such Additional Receivables, (ii) GMAC
did not intend to or believe that it would incur debts that would be beyond its
ability to pay as such debts matured, (iii) GMAC did not transfer such
Additional Receivables with the actual intent to hinder, delay or defraud any
Person and (iv) the assets of GMAC did not constitute unreasonably small capital
to carry out its business as conducted.

      SECTION 4.03     Representations and Warranties of CARI. CARI hereby
represents and warrants to GMAC as of the Initial Closing Date and each
Additional Closing Date:

          (a)    Organization and Good Standing. CARI has been duly organized
and is validly existing as a corporation in good standing under the laws of the
State of Delaware, with power and authority to own its properties and to conduct
its business as such properties are presently owned and such business is
presently conducted, and had at all relevant times, and now has, power,
authority and legal right to acquire and own the Receivables;

          (b)    Due Qualification. CARI is duly qualified to do business as a
foreign corporation in good standing, and has obtained all necessary licenses
and approvals in all jurisdictions in which the ownership or lease of property
or the conduct of its business requires such qualification;

          (c)    Power and Authority. CARI has the power and authority to
execute and deliver this Agreement and the First Step Receivables Assignments
and to carry out its terms and the execution, delivery and performance of this
Agreement and the First Step Receivables Assignments have been duly authorized
by CARI by all necessary corporate action;

          (d)    No Violation. The consummation of the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement and the First Step Receivables Assignments and the fulfillment
of the terms of this Agreement and the First Step Receivables Assignments shall
not conflict with, result in any breach of any of the terms and provisions of or
constitute (with or without notice or lapse of time) a default under, the
certificate of incorporation or by-laws of CARI, or any indenture, agreement,
mortgage, deed of trust or other instrument to which CARI is a party or by which
it is bound, or result in the creation or imposition of any Lien upon any of its
properties pursuant to

                                       16

<PAGE>

the terms of any such indenture, agreement or other instrument, other than any
Further Transfer and Servicing Agreement or violate any law or, to the best of
CARI's knowledge, any order, rule or regulation applicable to CARI of any court
or of any federal or state regulatory body, administrative agency or other
governmental instrumentality having jurisdiction over CARI or any of its
properties; and

          (e)    No Proceedings. There are no proceedings or, to CARI's
knowledge, investigations pending, or threatened, before any court, regulatory
body, administrative agency or other tribunal or governmental instrumentality
having jurisdiction over CARI or its properties (i) asserting the invalidity of
this Agreement and the First Step Receivables Assignments, or (ii) seeking any
determination or ruling that might materially and adversely affect the
performance by CARI of its obligations under, or the validity or enforceability
of, this Agreement and the First Step Receivables Assignments.

                                    ARTICLE V
                              ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS

      SECTION 5.01     Conflicts With Further Transfer and Servicing Agreements.
To the extent that any provision of Sections 5.02 through 5.04 of this Agreement
conflicts with any provision of the Further Transfer and Servicing Agreements,
the Further Transfer and Servicing Agreements shall govern.

      SECTION 5.02     Protection of Title; Filings. GMAC shall authorize and
execute, as applicable, and file such financing statements and cause to be
authorized and executed, as applicable, and filed such continuation and other
statements, all in such manner and in such places as may be required by law
fully to preserve, maintain and protect the interest of CARI under this
Agreement and the First Step Receivables Assignments in the Receivables and the
other Purchased Property and in the proceeds thereof. GMAC shall deliver (or
cause to be delivered) to CARI file-stamped copies of, or filing receipts for,
any document filed as provided above, as soon as available following such filing
GMAC hereby authorizes CARI and its assigns to file all such financing
statements and to file such financing statements without its signature.

          (b)    Name Change. GMAC shall not change its state of organization or
its name, identity or corporate structure in any manner that would, could or
might make any financing statement or continuation statement filed by GMAC in
accordance with Section 5.02(a) seriously misleading within the meaning of the
UCC, unless it shall have given CARI at least 60 days prior written notice
thereof.

          (c)    Executive Office; Maintenance of Offices. GMAC shall give CARI
at least 60 days prior written notice of any relocation of its principal
executive office if, as a result of such relocation, the applicable provisions
of the UCC would require the filing of any amendment of any previously filed
financing or continuation statement or of any new financing statement. GMAC
shall at all times maintain each office from which it services Receivables and
its principal executive office within the United States of America.

          (d)    New Debtor. In the event that GMAC shall change the
jurisdiction in which it is incorporated or otherwise enter into any transaction
which would result in a "new

                                       17

<PAGE>

debtor" (as defined in the UCC) succeeding to the obligations of GMAC hereunder,
GMAC shall comply fully with the obligations of Section 5.02(a).

     SECTION 5.03 Other Liens or Interests. Except for the conveyances hereunder
and under the First Step Receivables Assignments and as contemplated by the
Further Transfer and Servicing Agreements, GMAC shall not sell, pledge, assign
or transfer the Receivables or other Purchased Property to any other Person, or
grant, create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien on any interest
therein, and GMAC shall defend the right, title and interest of CARI in, to and
under such Receivables or other Purchased Property against all claims of third
parties claiming through or under GMAC.

     SECTION 5.04 Repurchase Events. By its execution of the Further Transfer
and Servicing Agreements to which it is a party, GMAC shall acknowledge the
assignment by CARI of such of its right, title and interest in, to and under
this Agreement and the First Step Receivables Assignments to the Issuer as shall
be provided in the Further Transfer and Servicing Agreements. GMAC hereby
covenants and agrees with CARI for the benefit of CARI and the Interested
Parties that in the event of a breach of any of GMAC's representations and
warranties contained in Section 4.01 hereof with respect to any Receivable (a
"Repurchase Event"), GMAC will repurchase such Receivable from the Issuer (if
the Issuer is then the Owner of such Receivable) on the date and for the amount
specified in the Further Transfer and Servicing Agreements, without further
notice from CARI hereunder. Upon the occurrence of a Repurchase Event with
respect to a Receivable for which CARI is the Owner, GMAC agrees to repurchase
such Receivable from CARI for an amount and upon the same terms as GMAC would be
obligated to repurchase such Receivable from the Issuer if the Issuer was then
the Owner thereof, and upon payment of such amount, GMAC shall have such rights
with respect to such Receivable as if GMAC had purchased such Receivable from
the Issuer as the Owner thereof. It is understood and agreed that the obligation
of GMAC to repurchase any Receivable as to which a breach has occurred and is
continuing shall, if such obligation is fulfilled, constitute the sole remedy
against GMAC for such breach available to CARI or any Interested Party.

     SECTION 5.05 Indemnification. GMAC shall indemnify CARI for any liability
as a result of the failure of a Receivable to be originated in compliance with
all requirements of law. This indemnity obligation shall be in addition to any
obligation that GMAC may otherwise have.

     SECTION 5.06 Further Assignments. GMAC acknowledges that CARI may, pursuant
to the Further Transfer and Servicing Agreements, sell the Receivables to the
Issuer and assign its rights hereunder and under the First Step Receivables
Assignments to the Issuer, subject to the applicable terms and conditions of the
Further Transfer and Servicing Agreements, and that the Issuer may in turn
further pledge, assign or transfer its rights in the Receivables and this
Agreement and the First Step Receivables Assignments. GMAC further acknowledges
that CARI may assign its rights under the Custodian Agreement to the Issuer.

     SECTION 5.07 Pre-Closing Collections. Within two Business Days after the
Initial Closing Date and each Additional Closing Date, GMAC shall transfer to
the account or accounts designated by CARI (or by the Issuer under the Further
Transfer and Servicing Agreements) all collections on the Receivables held by
GMAC on the Initial Closing Date or Additional Closing Date, as applicable, and
conveyed to CARI pursuant to Section 2.01;

                                       18

<PAGE>

provided that so long as the Monthly Remittance Conditions are satisfied, such
collections need not be transferred until the first Distribution Date.

                                   ARTICLE VI
                                   CONDITIONS

     SECTION 6.01 Conditions to Obligation of CARI. The obligation of CARI to
purchase the Receivables hereunder and pursuant to the First Step Receivables
Assignments is subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions:

          (a) Representations and Warranties True. The representations and
warranties of GMAC hereunder shall be true and correct at the time of the
Initial Closing Date and each Additional Closing Date with the same effect as if
then made, and GMAC shall have performed all obligations to be performed by it
hereunder on or prior to the Initial Closing Date and each Additional Closing
Date.

          (b) No Repurchase Event. No Repurchase Event shall have occurred on or
prior to the Initial Closing Date and each Additional Closing Date.

          (c) Computer Files Marked. GMAC shall, at its own expense, on or prior
to the Initial Closing Date and each Additional Closing Date, indicate in its
computer files created in connection with the Receivables that the Receivables
have been sold to CARI pursuant to this Agreement and the First Step Receivables
Assignments and deliver to CARI the Schedule of Initial Receivables or Schedule
of Additional Receivables, as applicable, certified by an officer of GMAC to be
true, correct and complete.

          (d) Documents to be Delivered By GMAC.

              (i)   The Assignments. On the Initial Closing Date, GMAC shall
execute and deliver the First Step Initial Receivables Assignment and on each
Additional Closing Date, GMAC shall execute and deliver a First Step Additional
Receivables Assignment.

              (ii)  Evidence of UCC Filing. On or prior to the Initial Closing
Date, GMAC shall record and file, at its own expense, a UCC-1 financing
statement in each jurisdiction in which required by applicable law, authorized
by and naming GMAC as seller or debtor, naming CARI as purchaser or secured
party, naming the Receivables and the other Purchased Property as collateral,
meeting the requirements of the laws of each such jurisdiction and in such
manner as is necessary to perfect the sale, transfer, assignment and conveyance
of such Receivables to CARI. GMAC shall deliver a file-stamped copy, or other
evidence satisfactory to CARI of such filing, to CARI on or prior to the Initial
Closing Date.

              (iii) Other Documents. On the Initial Closing Date and on each
Additional Closing Date, GMAC shall provide such other documents as CARI may
reasonably request.

          (e) Other Transactions. The transactions contemplated by the Further
Transfer and Servicing Agreements shall be consummated to the extent that such
transactions are intended to be substantially contemporaneous with the
transactions hereunder.

                                       19

<PAGE>

          (f) Conditions to the Purchase of Additional Receivables. In addition
to the conditions set forth in Section 6.01(a), the obligation of CARI to
purchase Additional Receivables hereunder and pursuant to the related First Step
Additional Receivables Assignment is subject to the satisfaction of the
following conditions:

              (i)   No Adverse Selection Procedures. No selection procedures
believed by GMAC to be adverse to the interests of CARI, the Issuer, the
Noteholders or the Certificateholders shall have been utilized in selecting the
Additional Receivables.

              (ii)  No Material Tax Consequences. The addition of the Additional
Receivables will not result in a material adverse tax consequence to CARI, the
Issuer, the Noteholders or the Certificateholders.

              (iii) Conditions Satisfied. All the conditions to the transfer of
the Additional Receivables from CARI to the Issuer specified in Section 2.07 of
the Trust Sale and Servicing Agreement shall have been satisfied.

     SECTION 6.02 Conditions To Obligation of GMAC. The obligation of GMAC to
sell the Receivables to CARI hereunder or pursuant to the First Step Receivables
Assignments is subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions:

          (a) Representations and Warranties True. The representations and
warranties of CARI hereunder shall be true and correct as of the Initial Closing
Date with respect to the Initial Receivables and as of the Additional Closing
Date with respect to the Additional Receivables with the same effect as if then
made, and CARI shall have performed all obligations to be performed by it
hereunder or pursuant to the First Step Receivables Assignments on or prior to
the closing hereunder.

          (b) Receivables Purchase Price. On the Initial Closing Date, CARI
shall pay to GMAC the Initial Receivables Discounted Principal Balance and on
each Additional Closing Date, CARI shall pay GMAC the Additional Receivables
Discounted Principal Balance, in each case, as provided in Section 2.02.

                                       20

<PAGE>

                                  ARTICLE VII
                            MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS

     SECTION 7.01 Amendment. This Agreement may be amended from time to time
(subject to any expressly applicable amendment provision of the Further Transfer
and Servicing Agreements) by a written amendment duly executed and delivered by
GMAC and CARI.

     SECTION 7.02 Survival. The representations and warranties of GMAC set forth
in Articles IV and V of this Agreement and of Servicer set forth in Section 3.07
of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect and shall survive the
Initial Closing Date and each Additional Closing Date under Section 2.03 hereof
and the closing under the Further Transfer and Servicing Agreements.

     SECTION 7.03 Notices. All demands, notices and communications upon or to
GMAC or CARI under this Agreement shall be delivered as specified in Part III of
Appendix A to this Agreement.

     SECTION 7.04 Governing Law. THIS AGREEMENT AND THE FIRST STEP RECEIVABLES
ASSIGNMENTS SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE INTERNAL
LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, WITHOUT REGARD TO THE PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF
LAWS THEREOF OR OF ANY OTHER JURISDICTION OTHER THAN SECTION 5-1401 OF THE NEW
YORK GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW, AND THE OBLIGATIONS, RIGHTS AND REMEDIES OF THE
PARTIES UNDER THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE DETERMINED IN ACCORDANCE WITH SUCH LAWS.

     SECTION 7.05 Waivers. No failure or delay on the part of CARI in exercising
any power, right or remedy under this Agreement or the First Step Receivables
Assignments shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial
exercise of any such power, right or remedy preclude any other or further
exercise thereof or the exercise of any other power, right or remedy.

     SECTION 7.06 Costs and Expenses. GMAC agrees to pay all reasonable
out-of-pocket costs and expenses of CARI, including fees and expenses of
counsel, in connection with the perfection as against third parties of CARI's
right, title and interest in, to and under the Receivables and the enforcement
of any obligation of GMAC hereunder.

                                       21




<PAGE>


     SECTION 7.07 Confidential Information. CARI agrees that it shall neither
use nor disclose to any person the names and addresses of the Obligors, except
in connection with the enforcement of CARI's rights hereunder, under the
Receivables, under the Further Transfer and Servicing Agreements or as required
by law.

     SECTION 7.08 Headings. The headings of the various Articles and Sections
herein are for convenience of reference only and shall not define or limit any
of the terms or provisions hereof.

     SECTION 7.09 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two or more
counterparts and by different parties on separate counterparts, each of which
shall be an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the
same instrument.

     SECTION 7.10 No Petition Covenant. Notwithstanding any prior termination of
this Agreement, GMAC shall not, prior to the date which is one year and one day
after the final distribution with respect to the Notes and the Certificates to
the Note Distribution Account or the Certificate Distribution Account, as
applicable, acquiesce, petition or otherwise invoke or cause CARI to invoke the
process of any court or government authority for the purpose of commencing or
sustaining a case against CARI under any federal or state bankruptcy, insolvency
or similar law or appointing a receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee,
custodian, sequestrator or other similar official of CARI or any substantial
part of its property, or ordering the winding up or liquidation of the affairs
of CARI.

     SECTION 7.11 Limitations on Rights of Others. The provisions of this
Agreement and the First Step Receivables Assignments are solely for the benefit
of GMAC and CARI and, to the extent expressly provided herein, the Interested
Parties, and nothing in this Agreement, whether express or implied, shall be
construed to give to any other Person any legal or equitable right, remedy or
claim in, under, or in respect of this Agreement or any covenants, conditions or
provisions contained herein.

                                    * * * * *

                                       22

<PAGE>

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereby have caused this Agreement to be
executed by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized as of the date
and year first above written.

                                 GENERAL MOTORS ACCEPTANCE CORPORATION



                                 By:   _________________________________________
                                       Name:  Karen A. Sabatowski
                                       Title: Director - Securitization and Cash
                                              Management


                                 CAPITAL AUTO RECEIVABLES, INC.



                                 By:  __________________________________________
                                      Name:  R. L. Straub
                                      Title: Manager - Securitization


Signature Page to Pooling and Servicing Agreement

                                       23

<PAGE>

                                    EXHIBIT A

                    FIRST STEP INITIAL RECEIVABLES ASSIGNMENT
                   PURSUANT TO POOLING AND SERVICING AGREEMENT

         For value received, in accordance with the Pooling and Servicing
Agreement, dated as of January 15, 2003 (the "Pooling and Servicing Agreement"),
between General Motors Acceptance Corporation, a Delaware corporation ("GMAC"),
and Capital Auto Receivables, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("CARI"), GMAC does
hereby sell, assign, transfer and otherwise convey unto CARI, without recourse,
(i) all right, title and interest of GMAC in, to and under the Initial
Receivables listed on the Schedule of Initial Receivables attached as Schedule A
hereto and (a) in the case of Initial Receivables that are Scheduled Interest
Receivables, all monies due thereunder on and after the Initial Cutoff Date and
(b) in the case of Initial Receivables that are Simple Interest Receivables, all
monies received thereon on and after the Initial Cutoff Date, in each case
exclusive of any amounts allocable to the premium for physical damage insurance
force-placed by GMAC covering any related Financed Vehicle; (ii) the interest of
GMAC in the security interests in the Financed Vehicles granted by Obligors
pursuant to the Initial Receivables and, to the extent permitted by law, any
accessions thereto; (iii) except for those Initial Receivables originated in
Wisconsin, the interest of GMAC in any proceeds from claims on any physical
damage, credit life, credit disability or other insurance policies covering
Financed Vehicles or Obligors; (iv) the interest of GMAC in any proceeds from
recourse against Dealers on the Initial Receivables; and (v) the interest of
GMAC in any proceeds of the property described in clauses (i) and (ii) above.

         It is the intention of GMAC and CARI that the transfer and assignment
of Receivables contemplated by this First Step Initial Receivables Assignment
shall constitute a sale of the Initial Receivables from GMAC to CARI and the
beneficial interest in and title to the Initial Receivables shall not be part of
GMAC's estate in the event of the filing of a bankruptcy petition by or against
GMAC under any bankruptcy law.

         The foregoing transfer and assignment of Receivables contemplated by
the Pooling and Servicing Agreement and this First Step Initial Receivables
Assignment does not constitute and is not intended to result in any assumption
by CARI of any obligation of the undersigned to the Obligors, Dealers, insurers
or any other Person in connection with the Initial Receivables, any Dealer
Agreements, any insurance policies or any agreement or instrument relating to
any of them.

         This First Step Initial Receivables Assignment is made pursuant to and
upon the representations, warranties and agreements on the part of the
undersigned contained in the Pooling and Servicing Agreement and is to be
governed by the Pooling and Servicing Agreement.

         Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall
have the meaning assigned to them in the Pooling and Servicing Agreement.

                                    * * * * *

                                       A-1

<PAGE>

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has caused this First Step Initial
Receivables Assignment to be duly executed as of January 15, 2003.


                                      GENERAL MOTORS ACCEPTANCE CORPORATION



                                      By: ______________________________________
                                      Name:   Karen A. Sabatowski
                                      Title:  Director - Securitization and Cash
                                              Management

<PAGE>

                                                                      SCHEDULE A

              FORM OF FIRST STEP ADDITIONAL RECEIVABLES ASSIGNMENT


                         The Schedule of Receivables is
                           on file at the offices of:



                           1.    The Indenture Trustee

                           2.    The Owner Trustee

                           3.    General Motors Acceptance Corporation

                           4.    Capital Auto Receivables, Inc.

                                    * * * * *

                 PURSUANT TO THE POOLING AND SERVICING AGREEMENT

         For value received, in accordance with the Pooling and Servicing
Agreement, dated as of January 15, 2003 (the "Pooling and Servicing Agreement"),
between General Motors Acceptance Corporation, a Delaware corporation ("GMAC"),
and Capital Auto Receivables, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("CARI"), GMAC does
hereby sell, assign, transfer and otherwise convey unto CARI, without recourse,
(i) all right, title and interest of GMAC in, to and under the Additional
Receivables listed on the Schedule of Additional Receivables attached hereto and
(a) in the case of Additional Receivables that are Scheduled Interest
Receivables, all monies due thereunder on and after the related Additional
Cutoff Date and (b) in the case of Additional Receivables that are Simple
Interest Receivables, and all monies received thereon on and after the related
Additional Cutoff Date, in each case exclusive of any amounts allocable to the
premium for physical damage insurance force-placed by GMAC covering any related
Financed Vehicle; (ii) the interest of GMAC in the security interests in the
Financed Vehicles granted by Obligors pursuant to the Additional Receivables
and, to the extent permitted by law, any accessions thereto; (iii) except for
those Additional Receivables originated in Wisconsin, the interest of GMAC in
any proceeds from claims on any physical damage, credit life, credit disability
or other insurance policies covering Financed Vehicles or Obligors; (iv) the
interest of GMAC in any proceeds from recourse against Dealers on the Additional
Receivables; and (v) the interest of GMAC in any proceeds of the property
described in clauses (i) and (ii) above.

         It is the intention of GMAC and CARI that the transfer and assignment
contemplated by this First Step Additional Receivables Assignment shall
constitute a sale of the Additional Receivables from GMAC to CARI and the
beneficial interest in and title to the Additional Receivables shall not be part
of GMAC's estate in the event of the filing of a bankruptcy petition by or
against GMAC under any bankruptcy law.

<PAGE>

         The foregoing sale does not constitute and is not intended to result in
any assumption by CARI of any obligation of the undersigned to the Obligors,
Dealers, insurers or any other Person in connection with the Additional
Receivables, the Dealer Agreements, any insurance policies or any agreement or
instrument relating to any of them.

         This First Step Additional Receivables Assignment is made pursuant to
and upon the representations, warranties and agreements on the part of the
undersigned contained in the Pooling and Servicing Agreement and is to be
governed by the Pooling and Servicing Agreement.

         GMAC hereby represents that as of the Additional Cutoff Date the
Additional Receivables Discounted Principal Balance of the Additional
Receivables conveyed hereby was $[_____].

         GMAC and CARI hereby acknowledge that the Additional Receivables
Discounted Principal Balance for the Additional Receivables assigned hereunder
is $[__________ ].

         This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the
State of New York and the obligations of the undersigned under this First Step
Additional Receivables Assignment shall be determined in accordance with such
laws.

         Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the
meanings assigned to such terms in, or incorporated by reference into, the
Pooling and Servicing Agreement.

                                     * * * *

                                       4

<PAGE>

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has caused this First Step
Additional Receivables Assignment to be duly executed as of _______________,
200__.

                                  GENERAL MOTORS ACCEPTANCE CORPORATION


                                  By:  _________________________________
                                       Name:  Karen A. Sabatowski
                                       Title: Director - Securitization and Cash
                                              Management

                                       5

<PAGE>

                                   APPENDIX A

Part I

          For ease of reference, capitalized terms defined herein have been
consolidated with and are contained in Appendix A to the Trust Sale and
Servicing Agreement of even date herewith among GMAC, CARI and Capital Auto
Receivables Asset Trust 2003-1, as amended and supplemented from time to time.

Part II

          For ease of reference, the rules of construction have been
consolidated with and are contained in Part II of Appendix A to the Trust Sale
and Servicing Agreement of even date herewith among GMAC, CARI and Capital Auto
Receivables Asset Trust 2003-1, as amended and supplemented from time to time.

Part III

          For ease of reference, the notice addresses and procedures have been
consolidated with and are contained in Appendix B to the Trust Sale and
Servicing Agreement of even date herewith among GMAC, CARI and Capital Auto
Receivables Asset Trust 2003-1, as amended and supplemented from time to time.

                                       6

<PAGE>

                                   APPENDIX B

Additional Representations and Warranties

1.   While it is the intention of GMAC and CARI that the transfer and assignment
     contemplated by this Agreement and the First Step Receivables Assignments
     shall constitute sales of the Purchased Property from GMAC to CARI, this
     Agreement, the Trust Sale and Servicing Agreement and the Indenture create
     a valid and continuing security interest (as defined in the applicable UCC)
     in the Purchased Property in favor of CARI, the Trust and the Indenture
     Trustee, as applicable, which security interest is prior to all other
     Liens, and is enforceable as such as against creditors of and purchasers
     from GMAC, CARI and the Issuer, respectively.

2.   All steps necessary to perfect GMAC's security interest against each
     Obligor in the property securing the Purchased Property have been taken.

3.   Prior to the sale of the Purchased Property to CARI under this Agreement,
     the Receivables constitute "tangible chattel paper" within the meaning of
     the applicable UCC.

4.   GMAC owns and has good and marketable title to the Purchased Property free
     and clear of any Lien, claim or encumbrance of any Person.

5.   GMAC has caused or will have caused, within ten days, the filing of all
     appropriate financing statements in the proper filing office in the
     appropriate jurisdictions under applicable law in order to perfect the
     security interest in the Purchased Property Granted to CARI hereunder, the
     Issuer under the Trust Sale and Servicing Agreement and the Indenture
     Trustee under the Indenture.

6.   Other than the security interest granted to CARI pursuant to the Basic
     Documents, the Issuer under the Trust Sale and Servicing Agreement and the
     Indenture Trustee under the Indenture none of GMAC, CARI or the Issuer has
     pledged, assigned, sold, granted a security interest in, or otherwise
     conveyed any of the Purchased Property. None of GMAC, CARI or the Issuer
     has authorized the filing of, or is aware of, any financing statements
     against GMAC, CARI or the Issuer that include a description of collateral
     covering the Purchased Property other than the financing statements
     relating to the security interests granted to CARI, the Issuer and the
     Indenture Trustee under the Basic Documents or any financing statement that
     has been terminated. None of GMAC, CARI or the Issuer is aware of any
     judgment or tax lien filings against GMAC, CARI or the Issuer.

7.   GMAC, as Servicer, has in its possession all original copies of the
     Receivables Files and other documents that constitute or evidence the
     Receivables and the Purchased Property. The Receivables Files and other
     documents that constitute or evidence the Purchase Property do not have any
     marks or notations indicating that they have been pledged, assigned or
     otherwise conveyed to any Person other than CARI.

                                       B-1

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
