<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.4
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>dex994.txt
<DESCRIPTION>SCHEDULE TO THE MASTER ISDA AGREEMENT-1/15/03
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                                                    Exhibit 99.4

                                    SCHEDULE
                                     TO THE
                                MASTER AGREEMENT
                               (this "Agreement")

                          dated as of January 15, 2003

                                     between

                   CAPITAL AUTO RECEIVABLES ASSET TRUST 2003-1
                                  (the "Trust")

                                       and

                      MORGAN STANLEY CAPITAL SERVICES INC.
                              (the "Counterparty")

Part 1.  Termination Provisions

         (a)   "Specified Entity" means in relation to the Counterparty for
               the purpose of:

                     Section 5(a)(v), none
                     Section 5(a)(vi), none
                     Section 5(a)(vii), none
                     Section 5(b), none

         and in relation to the Trust for the purpose of:

                     Section 5(a)(v), none
                     Section 5(a)(vi), none
                     Section 5(a)(vii), none
                     Section 5(b), none

         (b)   [Reserved.]

         (c)   All references to "Potential Events of Default" in this Agreement
shall be deleted.


         (d)   Events of Default.

               (i) The following Events of Default will not apply to the
         Trust and the definition of "Event of Default" in Section 14 is deemed
         to be modified accordingly:


<PAGE>

                     Section 5(a)(ii), (Breach of Agreement)
                     Section 5(a)(iii), (Credit Support Default)
                     Section 5(a)(iv), (Misrepresentation)
                     Section 5(a)(v), (Default Under Specified Transaction)
                     Section 5(a)(vi), (Cross Default)
                     Section 5(a)(vii), (Bankruptcy)

               (ii)  The following Events of Default will not apply to the
         Counterparty and the definition of "Event of Default" in Section 14 is
         deemed to be modified accordingly:

                     Section 5(a)(v), (Default Under Specified Transaction)
                     Section 5(a)(vi) (Cross Default)

               (iii) It shall be an additional Event of Default under Section
         5(a), and the Trust shall be deemed to be the Defaulting Party with
         respect thereto, if (x) there occurs an Indenture "Event of Default"
         under Sections 5.1(a), (b), (c), (d), (e) or (f) of the Indenture and
         (y) after such Indenture "Event of Default", remedies are commenced
         with respect to the Collateral under Section 5.4(a)(iv) of the
         Indenture or any other sale or liquidation of the Collateral occurs
         under Article V of the Indenture.

               (iv)  It shall be an additional Event of Default under Section
         5(a), and the Trust shall be deemed to be the Defaulting Party with
         respect thereto, if any Trust Document is amended, modified or
         supplemented, with the consent of the holders of not less than a
         majority of the outstanding principal balance of the Notes and not less
         than a majority of the Certificate Balance, in a manner that materially
         and adversely affects any interest of the Counterparty without the
         prior written consent of the Counterparty. The procedures for amending
         the Trust Documents are set forth in Section 9.01 of the Trust Sale and
         Servicing Agreement, Article IX of the Indenture, Section 7.01 of the
         Pooling and Servicing Agreement, Section 13 of the Administration
         Agreement, Article VIII of the Trust Agreement and Section 8 of the
         Custodian Agreement.

         (e)   Termination Events. The "Credit Event Upon Merger" provisions of
         Section 5(b)(iv) will not apply to the Counterparty or the Trust.

         (f)   "Early Termination."

               (i)   In the event that the Counterparty fails to make, when
         due, any payment under this Agreement or delivery under Section 2(a)(i)
         or 2(e) required to be made by the Counterparty, the Trust shall
         immediately notify General Motors Acceptance Corporation ("GMAC") of
         such failure to pay or deliver.

               (ii)  Notwithstanding any other provision to the contrary in
         this Agreement, upon (A) the occurrence of a Designated Event (as
         defined in the Triparty Contingent Assignment Agreement among the
         Trust, the Counterparty and GMAC dated as of the date hereof (the
         "Triparty Agreement"), GMAC shall accede to rights and obligations
         equivalent to those set out herein in accordance with the terms of the
         Fallback Swap

                                       2

<PAGE>

         Agreement (as defined in the Triparty Agreement). If such a Designated
         Event has occurred, then upon (A) the effectiveness of the Fallback
         Swap Agreement (as defined in the Triparty Agreement) and (B) the
         payment by GMAC in a timely fashion of all Delinquent Payments (as
         defined in the Triparty Agreement), if any, (x) the Event of Default or
         Termination Event, if any, constituting such Designated Event shall be
         deemed to be cured on and as of the date of assignment and (y) no Early
         Termination Date may be designated as a result of such Designated
         Event. As of the Assignment Date (as defined in the Triparty Agreement)
         the Counterparty shall have no further liability hereunder (including
         in respect of rights, liabilities and duties accrued prior to the
         Assignment Date). Furthermore, any and all collateral posted by the
         Counterparty shall be returned to it within three Business Days of the
         Assignment Date and the Credit Support Document of the Counterparty's
         Credit Support Provider and any other form of collateral arrangement
         (including letters of credit, surety bond or other guarantee) provided
         by or on behalf of the Counterparty shall terminate as of the
         Assignment Date.

               (iii) Section 6(b) is hereby  amended by deleting the
         heading to such section and  replacing it with the following words:
         "Early Termination Following Termination Event."

               (iv)  Section 6(b)(ii) is hereby deleted and the following
         shall be inserted in its place:

               "(1) If an Illegality, a Tax Event or a Tax Event Upon Merger
               occurs, if the Counterparty is the Affected Party it will, and
               if the Trust is the Affected Party it may request the
               Counterparty to (and the Counterparty upon notice thereof
               will), use its best efforts (provided that using its best
               efforts will not require the Counterparty to incur any loss,
               excluding immaterial, incidental expenses) to transfer prior
               to the 20th day following the occurrence of such event (the
               "Transfer Cut-Off Date"), all of its rights and obligations
               under this Agreement in respect of Affected Transactions to
               another of its offices or affiliates or third party so that
               such Termination Event ceases to exist.

               If the Counterparty is not able to make such a transfer it
               will give notice to the Trust to that effect prior to the
               Transfer Cut-Off Date.

               Any such transfer under this Section 6(b)(ii) will be subject
               to and conditional upon the prior written consent of the
               Trust, which consent will not be withheld if the Trust's
               policies in effect at such time would permit it to enter into
               transactions with the transferee on the terms proposed and may
               not be refused if it is pursuant to the Triparty Agreement.

               (2) No transfer or substitution pursuant to this Section
               6(b)(ii) shall occur if (x) then the current ratings of the
               Class A Notes by Moody's Investors Service ("Moody's") or
               Standard & Poor's Rating Services ("S&P") would be reduced or
               adversely affected or (y) the position of the Trust would
               otherwise materially be prejudiced under this Agreement or any
               Confirmation (it being understood that it

3

<PAGE>

               shall be the responsibility of the Trust to verify such matters
               prior to the occurrence of such transfer or substitution)"

               (v)   Section 6(b)(iii) shall hereby be amended by replacing the
         words "within 30 days" with the words "by the Transfer Cut-Off Date (as
         defined above)."

               (vi)  Section 6(b)(iv) is hereby deleted and the following
         shall be inserted in its place:

               "Early Termination.

               If a Termination Event has occurred and a transfer under
               Section 6(b)(ii) or an agreement under Section 6(b)(iii), as
               the case may be, has not been effected with respect to all
               Affected Transactions by the Transfer Cut-Off Date, an Early
               Termination Date in respect of all outstanding Swap
               Transactions will occur immediately."

         (g)   Payments on Early Termination.

               (i)   "Market Quotation" and "Second Method" will apply for
         purposes of Section  6(e).

               (ii) The Trust will be obligated to pay interest to the
         Counterparty on any amounts due and unpaid under Section 6(e) at a rate
         equal to the USD Floating Rate Option under the Confirmation.

         (h)   "Termination Currency" means United States Dollars.

Part 2.  Tax Representations

         (a)   Payer Tax Representations. For the purpose of Section 3(e), each
of the Counterparty and the Trust makes the following representation:

               It is not required by any applicable law, as modified by the
               practice of any Relevant Jurisdiction, to make any deduction
               or withholding for or on account of any Tax from any payment
               (other than interest under Section 2(e), 6(d)(ii) or 6(e)) to
               be made by it to the other party under this Agreement. In
               making this representation, it may rely on (i) the accuracy of
               any representation made by the other party pursuant to Section
               3(f); (ii) the satisfaction of the agreement of the other
               party contained in Section 4(a)(i) or 4(a)(iii) and the
               accuracy and effectiveness of any document provided by the
               other party pursuant to Section 4(a)(i) or 4(a)(iii) and (iii)
               the satisfaction of the agreement of the other party contained
               in Section 4(d), provided that it shall not be a breach of
               this representation where reliance is placed on clause (ii)
               and the other party does not deliver

                                       4

<PAGE>

               a form or document under Section 4(a)(iii) by reason of
               material prejudice to its legal or commercial position.

         (b)   Payee Tax Representations.

               (i)   Trust Representation. For the purpose of Section 3(f) of
         this Agreement, the Trust makes the following representations:

               It is a statutory trust organized or formed under the laws of
         the State of Delaware.

               It is (A) a "United States person" as defined in Section
               7701(a)(30) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended,
               or (B) wholly-owned by a "United States person" and
               disregarded as an entity separate from its owner for U.S.
               federal tax purposes.

               (ii)  Counterparty Representation. For the purpose of Section
         3(f), the Counterparty makes the following representations:

               It is a corporation organized under the laws of the State of
               Delaware.

Part 3.  Agreement to Deliver Documents

For the purpose of Sections 4(a)(i) and (ii), each party agrees to deliver the
following documents, as applicable:

         (a)   Tax forms, documents or certificates to be delivered are:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Party required to deliver          Form/Document/Certificate                     Date by which to be delivered
document
<S>                             <C>                                           <C>
Counterparty and Trust             Any document required or reasonably           Promptly upon the earlier of
                                   requested to allow the other party to (i)
                                   reasonable demand by the other make
                                   payments under this Agreement party and
                                   (ii) learning that the without any
                                   deduction or withholding form or document
                                   is required. for or on account of any Tax
                                   or with such deduction or withholding at
                                   a reduced rate.
</TABLE>
         (b)   Other documents to be delivered are:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Party required to deliver     Form/Document/Certificate         Date by which to be   Covered by Section 3(d)
document                                                        delivered             Representation
<S>                           <C>                              <C>                   <C>

</TABLE>

                                       5

<PAGE>

<TABLE>

<S>                          <C>                                <C>                            <C>
Counterparty and Trust       Certificate or other documents     At or promptly                 Yes
                             evidencing the authority of the    following the
                             party to enter into this           execution of this
                             Agreement and the persons acting   Agreement, and, if a
                             on behalf of such party.           Confirmation so
                                                                requires it, on or
                                                                before the date set
                                                                forth therein.

Counterparty and Trust       A legal opinion, in the form       At or promptly                 No
                             reasonably acceptable to the       following the
                             other party.                       execution of this
                                                                Agreement.

Trust                        The Trust Sale and Servicing       At or promptly                 Yes
                             Agreement and all other            following the
                             documents to be executed by the    execution of this
                             Trust as contemplated thereby.     Agreement.
</TABLE>

Part 4.  Miscellaneous

         (a)      Addresses for Notices.  For purpose of Section 12(a):


                  (i)      Address for notices or communications to the Trust:

                           Address:         Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas
                                            60 Wall Street
                                            New York, NY 10005
                           Attention:       Corporate Trust & Agency Services -
                                                  Structured Finance Services

                           with a copy to:

                           Address:         Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas
                                            280 Park Avenue, 9/th/ Floor
                                            New York, NY 10017
                           Attention:       Corporate Trust & Agency Services -
                                                  Structured Finance Services
                           Facsimile No.:   (212) 454-2331/2332
                           Telephone No.:   (212) 454-4330

                                       6

<PAGE>

                   with a copy to:

                   Address:        GMAC
                                   200 Renaissance Center
                                   12/th/ Floor
                                   Detroit, Michigan  48265
                   Attention:      Director - Securitization and Cash Management
                   Facsimile No.:  (313) 665-6351
                   Telephone No.:  (313) 665-6274

            (ii)   Address for notices or communications to the Counterparty:

                   Address:        Morgan Stanley Capital Services Inc.
                                   1585 Broadway
                                   New York, New York 10036-8239
                   Attention:      Chief Legal Officer
                   Facsimile:      (212) 507-4622

                   with a copy to:

                   Address:        Morgan Stanley Capital Services Inc.
                                   1585 Broadway - 3/rd/ Floor
                                   New York, New York 10036-8293
                   Attention:      Transaction Management Group
                   Facsimile No.:  (212) 761-0162
                   Telephone No.:  (212) 761-2533

        (b) Notices.

            (i)  Section 12(a) is amended by adding in the third line
        thereof after the phrase "messaging system" and before the ")" the
        words, "; provided, however, any such notice or other communication may
        be given by facsimile transmission if telex is unavailable, no telex
        number is supplied to the party providing notice, or if answer back
        confirmation is not received from the party to whom the telex is
        sent.";

            (ii) Section 12(a)(iv) of this Agreement shall be deleted in its
        entirety and replaced with the following:

                   "(iv) if sent by certified or registered mail (airmail, if
                   overseas) or the equivalent (return receipt requested), on
                   the date that mail is delivered or its delivery is attempted,
                   provided, however, it is understood that, if feasible, a
                   party shall first attempt to send notice by overnight
                   couriers, telex or facsimile before attempting to send notice
                   by certified or registered mail; or,"

                                       7

<PAGE>

         (c)  Process Agent. For the purpose of Section 13(c) of this Agreement:

              The Counterparty appoints as its Process Agent:  Not Applicable.

              The Trust appoints as its Process Agent:  Not Applicable.

         (d)  Multibranch Party.  For the purpose of Section 10:

              The Counterparty is not a Multibranch Party.

              The Trust is not a Multibranch Party.

         (e) "Calculation Agent" means, unless otherwise designated by a
Confirmation for a particular Swap Transaction, GMAC. All calculations by the
Calculation Agent shall be made in good faith and through the exercise of the
Calculation Agent's commercially reasonable judgment. All such calculations
shall be final and binding upon the Counterparty and the Trust absent manifest
error. Upon the request of the Counterparty, the Trust shall provide the
Counterparty with such information as is reasonably necessary to enable the
Counterparty to confirm the accuracy of such calculations.

         (f) "Affiliate" will have the meaning specified in Section 14, but
excludes Morgan Stanley Derivative Products Inc.

         (g)  Credit Support Provider.  Details of any Credit Support Provider:

              The Counterparty:  Not applicable.

              The Trust: Not applicable.

         (h)  Credit Support Document.  Details of any Credit Support Document

              The Counterparty: Not applicable.

              The Trust:  Not applicable.

         (i)  GOVERNING LAW;  JURISDICTION.  THIS AGREEMENT AND EACH
CONFIRMATION  WILL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF
THE STATE OF NEW YORK, WITHOUT REFERENCE TO ITS CHOICE OF LAW DOCTRINE.

         (j)  Waiver of Jury Trial.  Each party waives,  to the fullest extent
permitted by applicable  law, any right it may have to a trial by jury in
respect of any Proceedings relating to this Agreement.

                                       8

<PAGE>

         (k)  Netting of Payments.  Section 2(c)(ii) will apply to any amounts
payable with respect to Swap  Transactions from the date of this Agreement.

Part 5.  Other Provisions

         (a)  ISDA Definitions: Except as otherwise defined in this Schedule or
a Confirmation, this Agreement and each Swap Transaction are subject to the 2000
ISDA Definitions (as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives
Association, Inc., the "Definitions"), and will be governed in all relevant
respects by the provisions set forth in the Definitions, without regard to any
amendments to the Definitions subsequent to the date hereof. The provisions of
the Definitions are incorporated by reference in, and shall be deemed a part of,
this Agreement and each Confirmation, as if set forth in full in this Agreement
or that Confirmation. In the event of any inconsistency between the provisions
of this Agreement and the Definitions, this Agreement will prevail. In the event
of any inconsistency between the provisions of any Confirmation and this
Agreement, such Confirmation will prevail for the purpose of the relevant Swap
Transaction.

         (b)  Other Swaps. The Trust agrees that it has not and will not enter
into any other swap transactions after the date hereof which provide for
payments upon termination that are senior to or pari passu with any payment due
under any Confirmation.

         (c)  Litigation Representation.  Each instance of the words "or any of
its Affiliates" shall be deleted from Section 3(c).

         (d)  Gross-Up; Liability. The Counterparty agrees that the Trust will
not in any circumstance be required to pay additional amounts in respect of any
Indemnifiable Tax pursuant to Section 2(d)(i)(4) of this Agreement.

         (e)  Transfer.  Section 7 is hereby amended by adding the following
provision:  "provided however,  that, the Counterparty may make such a transfer
to another of its affiliates,  offices, or branches,  on ten Business Days'
prior written notice to the Trust, provided that:

              (i) the Counterparty delivers an opinion of independent
              counsel of recognized standing, in form and substance
              reasonably satisfactory to the Indenture Trustee and the
              Servicer, confirming that as of the date of such transfer the
              transferee will not, as a result of such transfer, be required
              to withhold or deduct on account of Tax under this Agreement;
              and

              (ii) such transfer will not cause the occurrence of an Event
              of Default or a Termination Event under this Agreement.

              Notwithstanding the foregoing, prior written notice of transfer
         shall not be required with respect to a transfer under Section 6(b)
         (ii).

         (f)  Additional Representations. Section 3 is hereby amended by adding
at the end thereof the following Subparagraphs:

                                       9

<PAGE>

               (g) Eligible Contract Participant. It is an "eligible contract
               participant" as that term is defined in Section 1a(12) of the
               Commodity Exchange Act, as amended by the Commodity Futures
               Modernization Act of 2000, and it has entered into this Agreement
               and it is entering into the Transaction in connection with its
               line of business (including financial intermediation services) or
               the financing of its business; and the material terms of this
               Agreement and the Transaction have been individually tailored and
               negotiated.

     (g) Amendments. Section 9(b) of this Agreement is hereby amended by adding
the following:

               ; provided, however, that no such amendments, modifications or
               waivers shall be effective until such time as the Trust has
               obtained the written affirmation of each of Moody's and S&P, who
               are then rating any securities issued by the Trust that such
               amendments, modifications or waivers shall not adversely affect
               the then current ratings of the Class A Notes.

     (h) Confirmations. Each Confirmation supplements, forms part of, and will
be read and construed as one with this Agreement.

     (i) Capitalized Terms. Each capitalized term used in this Agreement and not
defined in this Agreement, the Confirmation or the Definitions shall have the
meaning given such term in Appendix A to the Trust Sale and Servicing Agreement,
dated as of January 15, 2003, among GMAC, as Servicer, Capital Auto Receivables,
Inc., as Seller, and Capital Auto Receivables Asset Trust 2003-1 as Issuer (as
amended, modified or supplemented from time to time in accordance with its
terms). To the extent that a capitalized term in this Agreement is defined by
reference to a related definition contained in the Trust Sale and Servicing
Agreement, the Indenture, the Pooling and Servicing Agreement, the Swap
Counterparty Rights Agreement, the Administration Agreement, the Trust Agreement
and the Custodian Agreement (the "Trust Documents"), for purposes of this
Agreement only, such capitalized term shall be deemed to be amended only if the
amendment of the term in a Trust Document relating to such capitalized term
occurs with the prior written consent of the Counterparty.

     (j) No Set-Off. Without affecting the provisions of this Agreement
requiring the calculation of certain net payment amounts, all payments under
this Agreement will be made without set-off or counterclaims.

     (k) Liability to Trustee. It is expressly understood and agreed by the
parties hereto that (a) this Agreement is executed and delivered by Deutsche
Bank Trust Company Delaware, not individually or personally but solely as
trustee of the Trust, in the exercise of the powers and authority conferred and
vested in it under the Trust Agreement, (b) each of the representations,

                                       10

<PAGE>

undertakings and agreements herein made on the part of the Trust is made and
intended not as personal representations, undertakings and agreements by
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Delaware but is made and intended for the purpose of
binding only the Trust and (c) under no circumstances shall Deutsche Bank Trust
Company Delaware be personally liable for the payment of any indebtedness or
expenses of the Trust or be liable for the breach or failure of any obligation,
representation, warranty or covenant made or undertaken by the Trust under this
Agreement or the other Basic Documents. For all purposes of this Agreement, in
the performance of any duties or obligations of the Trust or the Owner Trustee
hereunder, the Owner Trustee shall be entitled to the benefits of the terms and
provisions of the Trust Agreement.

     (l) Severability. In the event that any one or more of the provisions
contained in this Agreement should be held invalid, illegal or unenforceable in
any respect, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining
provisions in the Agreement shall not in any way be affected or impaired. In the
event that any one or more of the provisions contained in this Agreement should
be held invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the parties will negotiate in good
faith to replace the invalid, illegal or unenforceable provisions with valid
provisions which will, as nearly as possible, give the originally intended legal
and economic effect of the invalid, illegal or unenforceable provisions.

                                     * * * *

                                       11

<PAGE>

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Schedule by their duly
authorized officers as of the date hereof.

                                     CAPITAL AUTO RECEIVABLES ASSET
                                     TRUST 2003-1

                                     By:  DEUTSCHE BANK TRUST COMPANY DELAWARE,
                                          not in its individual capacity but
                                          solely as Owner Trustee on behalf of
                                          the Trust,


                                     By:  ________________________________
                                     Name:
                                     Title:

                                     MORGAN STANLEY CAPITAL SERVICES INC.


                                     By:  _______________________________
                                     Name:
                                     Title:

<PAGE>

(Bilateral Form)                  (ISDA Agreements Subject to New York Law Only)

                                     ISDA(R)

              International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.

                              CREDIT SUPPORT ANNEX

                             to the Schedule to the
                                MASTER AGREEMENT
                   ..........................................

                          dated as of JANUARY 15, 2003

                                     between

MORGAN STANLEY CAPITAL                     CAPITAL AUTO RECEIVABLES ASSET
SERVICES INC.                              TRUST 2003-1

..................................... and ......................................
          ("Party A")                                ("Party B")

This Annex supplements, forms part of, and is subject to, the above-referenced
Agreement, is part of its Schedule and is a Credit Support Document under this
Agreement with respect to each party.

Accordingly, the parties agree as follows:--

Paragraph 1. Interpretation

(a)  Definitions and Inconsistency. Capitalized terms not otherwise defined
herein or elsewhere in this Agreement have the meanings specified pursuant to
Paragraph 12, and all references in this Annex to Paragraphs are to Paragraphs
of this Annex. In the event of any inconsistency between this Annex and the
other provisions of this Schedule, this Annex will prevail, and in the event of
any inconsistency between Paragraph 13 and the other provisions of this Annex,
Paragraph 13 will prevail.

(b)  Secured Party and Pledgor. All references in this Annex to the "Secured
Party" will be to either party when acting in that capacity and all
corresponding references to the "Pledgor" will be to the other party when acting
in that capacity; provided, however, that if Other Posted Support is held by a
party to this Annex, all references herein to that party as the Secured Party
with respect to that Other Posted Support will be to that party as the
beneficiary thereof and will not subject that support or that party as the
beneficiary thereof to provisions of law generally relating to security
interests and secured parties.

Paragraph 2. Security Interest

Each party, as the Pledgor, hereby pledges to the other party, as the Secured
Party, as security for its Obligations, and grants to the Secured Party a first
priority continuing security interest in, lien on and right of Set-off against
all Posted Collateral Transferred to or received by the Secured Party hereunder.
Upon the Transfer by the Secured Party to the Pledgor of Posted Collateral, the
security interest and lien granted hereunder on that Posted Collateral will be
released immediately and, to the extent possible, without any further action by
either party.

    Copyright(C)1994 by International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.

<PAGE>

Paragraph 3. Credit Support Obligations

(a)  Delivery Amount. Subject to Paragraphs 4 and 5, upon a demand made by the
Secured Party on or promptly following a Valuation Date, if the Delivery Amount
for that Valuation Date equals or exceeds the Pledgor's Minimum Transfer Amount,
then the Pledgor will Transfer to the Secured Party Eligible Credit Support
having a Value as of the date of Transfer at least equal to the applicable
Delivery Amount (rounded pursuant to Paragraph 13). Unless otherwise specified
in Paragraph 13, the "Delivery Amount" applicable to the Pledgor for any
Valuation Date will equal the amount by which:

     (i)  the Credit Support Amount

     exceeds

     (ii) the Value as of that Valuation Date of all Posted Credit Support held
     by the Secured Party.

(b)  Return Amount. Subject to Paragraphs 4 and 5, upon a demand made by the
Pledgor on or promptly following a Valuation Date, if the Return Amount for that
Valuation Date equals or exceeds the Secured Party's Minimum Transfer Amount,
then the Secured Party will Transfer to the Pledgor Posted Credit Support
specified by the Pledgor in that demand having a Value as of the date of
Transfer as close as practicable to the applicable Return Amount (rounded
pursuant to Paragraph 13). Unless otherwise specified in Paragraph 13, the
"Return Amount" applicable to the Secured Party for any Valuation Date will
equal the amount by which:

     (i)  the Value as of that Valuation Date of all Posted Credit Support held
     by the Secured Party

     exceeds

     (ii) the Credit Support Amount.

"Credit Support Amount" means, unless otherwise specified in Paragraph 13, for
any Valuation Date (i) the Secured Party's Exposure for that Valuation Date plus
(ii) the aggregate of all Independent Amounts applicable to the Pledgor, if any,
minus (iii) all Independent Amounts applicable to the Secured Party, if any,
minus (iv) the Pledgor's Threshold; provided, however, that the Credit Support
Amount will be deemed to be zero whenever the calculation of Credit Support
Amount yields a number less than zero.

Paragraph 4. Conditions Precedent, Transfer Timing, Calculations and
Substitutions

(a)  Conditions Precedent. Each Transfer obligation of the Pledgor under
Paragraphs 3 and 5 and of the Secured Party under Paragraphs 3, 4(d)(ii), 5 and
6(d) is subject to the conditions precedent that:

     (i)  no Event of Default, Potential Event of Default or Specified Condition
     has occurred and is continuing with respect to the other party; and

     (ii) no Early Termination Date for which any unsatisfied payment
     obligations exist has occurred or been designated as the result of an Event
     of Default or Specified Condition with respect to the other party.

(b)  Transfer Timing. Subject to Paragraphs 4(a) and 5 and unless otherwise
specified, if a demand for the Transfer of Eligible Credit Support or Posted
Credit Support is made by the Notification Time, then the relevant Transfer will
be made not later than the close of business on the next Local Business Day; if
a demand is made after the Notification Time, then the relevant Transfer will be
made not later than the close of business on the second Local Business Day
thereafter.

(c)  Calculations. All calculations of Value and Exposure for purposes of
Paragraphs 3 and 6(d) will be made by the Valuation Agent as of the Valuation
Time. The Valuation Agent will notify each party (or the other party, if the
Valuation Agent is a party) of its calculations not later than the Notification
Time on the Local Business Day following the applicable Valuation Date (or in
the case of Paragraph 6(d), following the date of calculation).

                                       12

<PAGE>

(d)  Substitutions.

     (i)  Unless otherwise specified in Paragraph 13, upon notice to the Secured
     Party specifying the items of Posted Credit Support to be exchanged, the
     Pledgor may, on any Local Business Day, Transfer to the Secured Party
     substitute Eligible Credit Support (the "Substitute Credit Support"); and

     (ii) subject to Paragraph 4(a), the Secured Party will Transfer to the
     Pledgor the items of Posted Credit Support specified by the Pledgor in its
     notice not later than the Local Business Day following the date on which
     the Secured Party receives the Substitute Credit Support, unless otherwise
     specified in Paragraph 13 (the "Substitution Date"); provided that the
     Secured Party will only be obligated to Transfer Posted Credit Support with
     a Value as of the date of Transfer of that Posted Credit Support equal to
     the Value as of that date of the Substitute Credit Support.

Paragraph 5. Dispute Resolution

If a party (a "Disputing Party") disputes (I) the Valuation Agent's calculation
of a Delivery Amount or a Return Amount or (II) the Value of any Transfer of
Eligible Credit Support or Posted Credit Support, then (1) the Disputing Party
will notify the other party and the Valuation Agent (if the Valuation Agent is
not the other party) not later than the close of business on the Local Business
Day following (X) the date that the demand is made under Paragraph 3 in the case
of (I) above or (Y) the date of Transfer in the case of (II) above, (2) subject
to Paragraph 4(a), the appropriate party will Transfer the undisputed amount to
the other party not later than the close of business on the Local Business Day
following (X) the date that the demand is made under Paragraph 3 in the case of
(I) above or (Y) the date of Transfer in the case of (II) above, (3) the parties
will consult with each other in an attempt to resolve the dispute and (4) if
they fail to resolve the dispute by the Resolution Time, then:

     (i)  In the case of a dispute involving a Delivery Amount or Return Amount,
     unless otherwise specified in Paragraph 13, the Valuation Agent will
     recalculate the Exposure and the Value as of the Recalculation Date by:

          (A) utilizing any calculations of Exposure for the Transactions (or
          Swap Transactions) that the parties have agreed are not in dispute;

          (B) calculating the Exposure for the Transactions (or Swap
          Transactions) in dispute by seeking four actual quotations at
          mid-market from Reference Market-makers for purposes of calculating
          Market Quotation, and taking the arithmetic average of those obtained;
          provided that if four quotations are not available for a particular
          Transaction (or Swap Transaction), then fewer than four quotations may
          be used for that Transaction (or Swap Transaction); and if no
          quotations are available for a particular Transaction (or Swap
          Transaction), then the Valuation Agent's original calculations will be
          used for that Transaction (or Swap Transaction); and

          (C) utilizing the procedures specified in Paragraph 13 for calculating
          the Value, if disputed, of Posted Credit Support.

     (ii) In the case of a dispute involving the Value of any Transfer of
     Eligible Credit Support or Posted Credit Support, the Valuation Agent will
     recalculate the Value as of the date of Transfer pursuant to Paragraph 13.

Following a recalculation pursuant to this Paragraph, the Valuation Agent will
notify each party (or the other party, if the Valuation Agent is a party) not
later than the Notification Time on the Local Business Day following the
Resolution Time. The appropriate party will, upon demand following that notice
by the Valuation Agent or a resolution pursuant to (3) above and subject to
Paragraphs 4(a) and 4(b), make the appropriate Transfer.

                                       13

<PAGE>

Paragraph 6. Holding and Using Posted Collateral

(a)  Care Of Posted Collateral. Without limiting the Secured Party's rights
under Paragraph 6(c), the Secured Party will exercise reasonable care to assure
the safe custody of all Posted Collateral to the extent required by applicable
law, and in any event the Secured Party will be deemed to have exercised
reasonable care if it exercises at least the same degree of care as it would
exercise with respect to its own property. Except as specified in the preceding
sentence, the Secured Party will have no duty with respect to Posted Collateral,
including, without limitation, any duty to collect any Distributions, or enforce
or preserve any rights pertaining thereto.

(b)  Eligibility to Hold Posted Collateral; Custodians.

     (i)   General. Subject to the satisfaction of any conditions specified in
     Paragraph 13 for holding Posted Collateral, the Secured Party will be
     entitled to hold Posted Collateral or to appoint an agent (a "Custodian")
     to hold Posted Collateral for the Secured Party. Upon notice by the Secured
     Party to the Pledgor of the appointment of a Custodian, the Pledgor's
     obligations to make any Transfer will be discharged by making the Transfer
     to that Custodian. The holding of Posted Collateral by a Custodian will be
     deemed to be the holding of that Posted Collateral by the Secured Party for
     which the Custodian is acting.

     (ii)  Failure to Satisfy Conditions. If the Secured Party or its Custodian
     fails to satisfy any conditions for holding Posted Collateral, then upon a
     demand made by the Pledgor, the Secured Party will, not later than five
     Local Business Days after the demand, Transfer or cause its Custodian to
     Transfer all Posted Collateral held by it to a Custodian that satisfies
     those conditions or to the Secured Party if it satisfies those conditions.

     (iii) Liability. The Secured Party will be liable for the acts or omissions
     of its Custodian to the same extent that the Secured Party would be liable
     hereunder for its own acts or omissions.

(c)  Use of Posted Collateral. Unless otherwise specified in Paragraph 13 and
without limiting the rights and obligations of the parties under Paragraphs 3,
4(d)(ii), 5, 6(d) and 8, if the Secured Party is not a Defaulting Party or an
Affected Party with respect to a Specified Condition and no Early Termination
Date has occurred or been designated as the result of an Event of Default or
Specified Condition with respect to the Secured Party, then the Secured Party
will, notwithstanding Section 9-207 of the New York Uniform Commercial Code,
have the right to:

     (i)   sell, pledge, rehypothecate, assign, invest, use, commingle or
     otherwise dispose of, or otherwise use in its business any Posted
     Collateral it holds, free from any claim or right of any nature whatsoever
     of the Pledgor, including any equity or right of redemption by the Pledgor;
     and

     (ii)  register any Posted Collateral in the name of the Secured Party, its
     Custodian or a nominee for either.

For purposes of the obligation to Transfer Eligible Credit Support or Posted
Credit Support pursuant to Paragraphs 3 and 5 and any rights or remedies
authorized under this Agreement, the Secured Party will be deemed to continue to
hold all Posted Collateral and to receive Distributions made thereon, regardless
of whether the Secured Party has exercised any rights with respect to any Posted
Collateral pursuant to (i) or (ii) above.

(d)  Distributions and Interest Amount.

     (i)   Distributions. Subject to Paragraph 4(a), if the Secured Party
     receives or is deemed to receive Distributions on a Local Business Day, it
     will Transfer to the Pledgor not later than the following Local Business
     Day any Distributions it receives or is deemed to receive to the extent
     that a Delivery Amount would not be created or increased by that Transfer,
     as calculated by the Valuation Agent (and the date of calculation will be
     deemed to be a Valuation Date for this purpose).

                                       14

<PAGE>

     (ii)  Interest Amount. Unless otherwise specified in Paragraph 13 and
     subject to Paragraph 4(a), in lieu of any interest, dividends or other
     amounts paid or deemed to have been paid with respect to Posted Collateral
     in the form of Cash (all of which may be retained by the Secured Party),
     the Secured Party will Transfer to the Pledgor at the times specified in
     Paragraph 13 the Interest Amount to the extent that a Delivery Amount would
     not be created or increased by that Transfer, as calculated by the
     Valuation Agent (and the date of calculation will be deemed to be a
     Valuation Date for this purpose). The Interest Amount or portion thereof
     not Transferred pursuant to this Paragraph will constitute Posted
     Collateral in the form of Cash and will be subject to the security interest
     granted under Paragraph 2.

Paragraph 7. Events of Default

For purposes of Section 5(a)(iii)(l) of this Agreement, an Event of Default will
exist with respect to a party if:

     (i)   that party fails (or fails to cause its Custodian) to make, when due,
     any Transfer of Eligible Collateral, Posted Collateral or the Interest
     Amount, as applicable, required to be made by it and that failure continues
     for two Local Business Days after notice of that failure is given to that
     party;

     (ii)  that party fails to comply with any restriction or prohibition
     specified in this Annex with respect to any of the rights specified in
     Paragraph 6(c) and that failure continues for five Local Business Days
     after notice of that failure is given to that party; or

     (iii) that party fails to comply with or perform any agreement or
     obligation other than those specified in Paragraphs 7(i) and 7(ii) and that
     failure continues for 30 days after notice of that failure is given to that
     party.

Paragraph 8. Certain Rights and Remedies

(a)  Secured Party's Rights and Remedies. If at any time (1) an Event of Default
or Specified Condition with respect to the Pledgor has occurred and is
continuing or (2) an Early Termination Date has occurred or been designated as
the result of an Event of Default or Specified Condition with respect to the
Pledgor, then, unless the Pledgor has paid in full all of its Obligations that
are then due, the Secured Party may exercise one or more of the following rights
and remedies:

     (i)   all rights and remedies available to a secured party under applicable
     law with respect to Posted Collateral held by the Secured Party;

     (ii)  any other rights and remedies available to the Secured Party under
     the terms of Other Posted Support, if any;

     (iii) the right to Set-off any amounts payable by the Pledgor with respect
     to any Obligations against any Posted Collateral or the Cash equivalent of
     any Posted Collateral held by the Secured Party (or any obligation of the
     Secured Party to Transfer that Posted Collateral); and

     (iv)  the right to liquidate any Posted Collateral held by the Secured
     Party through one or more public or private sales or other dispositions
     with such notice, if any, as may be required under applicable law, free
     from any claim or right of any nature whatsoever of the Pledgor, including
     any equity or right of redemption by the Pledgor (with the Secured Party
     having the right to purchase any or all of the Posted Collateral to be
     sold) and to apply the proceeds (or the Cash equivalent thereof) from the
     liquidation of the Posted Collateral to any amounts payable by the Pledgor
     with respect to any Obligations in that order as the Secured Party may
     elect.

Each party acknowledges and agrees that Posted Collateral in the form of
securities may decline speedily in value and is of a type customarily sold on a
recognized market, and, accordingly, the Pledgor is not entitled to prior notice
of any sale of that Posted Collateral by the Secured Party, except any notice
that is required under applicable law and cannot be waived.

                                       15

<PAGE>

(b)  Pledgor's Rights and Remedies. If at any time an Early Termination Date has
occurred or been designated as the result of an Event of Default or Specified
Condition with respect to the Secured Party, then (except in the case of an
Early Termination Date relating to less than all Transactions (or Swap
Transactions) where the Secured Party has paid in full all of its obligations
that are then due under Section 6(e) of this Agreement):

     (i)   the Pledgor may exercise all rights and remedies available to a
     pledgor under applicable law with respect to Posted Collateral held by the
     Secured Party;

     (ii)  the Pledgor may exercise any other rights and remedies available to
     the Pledgor under the terms of Other Posted Support, if any;

     (iii) the Secured Party will be obligated immediately to Transfer all
     Posted Collateral and the Interest Amount to the Pledgor; and

     (iv)  to the extent that Posted Collateral or the Interest Amount is not so
     Transferred pursuant to (iii) above, the Pledgor may:

           (A) Set-off any amounts payable by the Pledgor with respect to any
           Obligations against any Posted Collateral or the Cash equivalent of
           any Posted Collateral held by the Secured Party (or any obligation of
           the Secured Party to Transfer that Posted Collateral); and

           (B) to the extent that the Pledgor does not Set-off under (iv)(A)
           above, withhold payment of any remaining amounts payable by the
           Pledgor with respect to any Obligations, up to the Value of any
           remaining Posted Collateral held by the Secured Party, until that
           Posted Collateral is Transferred to the Pledgor.

(c)  Deficiencies and Excess Proceeds. The Secured Party will Transfer to the
Pledgor any proceeds and Posted Credit Support remaining after liquidation,
Set-off and/or application under Paragraphs 8(a) and 8(b) after satisfaction in
full of all amounts payable by the Pledgor with respect to any Obligations; the
Pledgor in all events will remain liable for any amounts remaining unpaid after
any liquidation, Set-off and/or application under Paragraphs 8(a) and 8(b).

(d)  Final Returns. When no amounts are or thereafter may become payable by the
Pledgor with respect to any Obligations (except for any potential liability
under Section 2(d) of this Agreement), the Secured Party will Transfer to the
Pledgor all Posted Credit Support and the Interest Amount, if any.

Paragraph 9. Representations

Each party represents to the other party (which representations will be deemed
to be repeated as of each date on which it, as the Pledgor, Transfers Eligible
Collateral) that:

     (i)   it has the power to grant a security interest in and lien on any
     Eligible Collateral it Transfers as the Pledgor and has taken all necessary
     actions to authorize the granting of that security interest and lien;

     (ii)  it is the sole owner of or otherwise has the right to Transfer all
     Eligible Collateral it Transfers to the Secured Party hereunder, free and
     clear of any security interest, lien, encumbrance or other restrictions
     other than the security interest and lien granted under Paragraph 2;

     (iii) upon the Transfer of any Eligible Collateral to the Secured Party
     under the terms of this Annex, the Secured Party will have a valid and
     perfected first priority security interest therein (assuming that any
     central clearing corporation or any third-party financial intermediary or
     other entity not within the control of the Pledgor involved in the Transfer
     of that Eligible Collateral gives the notices and takes the action required
     of it under applicable law for perfection of that interest); and

     (iv)  the performance by it of its obligations under this Annex will not
     result in the creation of any security interest, lien or other encumbrance
     on any Posted Collateral other than the security interest and lien granted
     under Paragraph 2.

                                       16

<PAGE>

Paragraph 10. Expenses

(a)  General. Except as otherwise provided in Paragraphs 10(b) and 10(c), each
party will pay its own costs and expenses in connection with performing its
obligations under this Annex and neither party will be liable for any costs and
expenses incurred by the other party in connection herewith.

(b)  Posted Credit Support. The Pledgor will promptly pay when due all taxes,
assessments or charges of any nature that are imposed with respect to Posted
Credit Support held by the Secured Party upon becoming aware of the same,
regardless of whether any portion of that Posted Credit Support is subsequently
disposed of under Paragraph 6(c), except for those taxes, assessments and
charges that result from the exercise of the Secured Party's rights under
Paragraph 6(c).

(c)  Liquidation/Application of Posted Credit Support. All reasonable costs and
expenses incurred by or on behalf of the Secured Party or the Pledgor in
connection with the liquidation and/or application of any Posted Credit Support
under Paragraph 8 will be payable, on demand and pursuant to the Expenses
Section of this Agreement, by the Defaulting Party or, if there is no Defaulting
Party, equally by the parties.

Paragraph 11. Miscellaneous

(a)  Default Interest. A Secured Party that fails to make, when due, any
Transfer of Posted Collateral or the Interest Amount will be obligated to pay
the Pledgor (to the extent permitted under applicable law) an amount equal to
interest at the Default Rate multiplied by the Value of the items of property
that were required to be Transferred, from (and including) the date that Posted
Collateral or Interest Amount was required to be Transferred to (but excluding)
the date of Transfer of that Posted Collateral or Interest Amount. This interest
will be calculated on the basis of daily compounding and the actual number of
days elapsed.

(b)  Further Assurances. Promptly following a demand made by a party, the other
party will execute, deliver, file and record any financing statement, specific
assignment or other document and take any other action that may be necessary or
desirable and reasonably requested by that party to create, preserve, perfect or
validate any security interest or lien granted under Paragraph 2, to enable that
party to exercise or enforce its rights under this Annex with respect to Posted
Credit Support or an Interest Amount or to effect or document a release of a
security interest on Posted Collateral or an Interest Amount.

(c)  Further Protection. The Pledgor will promptly give notice to the Secured
Party of, and defend against, any suit, action, proceeding or lien that involves
Posted Credit Support Transferred by the Pledgor or that could adversely affect
the security interest and lien granted by it under Paragraph 2, unless that
suit, action, proceeding or lien results from the exercise of the Secured
Party's rights under Paragraph 6(c).

(d)  Good Faith and Commercially Reasonable Manner. Performance of all
obligations under this Annex, including, but not limited to, all calculations,
valuations and determinations made by either party, will be made in good faith
and in a commercially reasonable manner.

(e)  Demands and Notices. All demands and notices made by a party under this
Annex will be made as specified in the Notices Section of this Agreement, except
as otherwise provided in Paragraph 13.

(f)  Specifications of Certain Matters. Anything referred to in this Annex as
being specified in Paragraph 13 also may be specified in one or more
Confirmations or other documents and this Annex will be construed accordingly.

                                       17

<PAGE>

Paragraph 12. Definitions as Used in this Annex:

As used in this Annex:-

"Cash" means the lawful currency of the United States of America.

"Credit Support Amount" has the meaning specified in Paragraph 3.

"Custodian" has the meaning specified in Paragraphs 6(b)(i) and 13.

"Delivery Amount" has the meaning specified in Paragraph 3(a).

"Disputing Party" has the meaning specified in Paragraph 5.

"Distributions" means with respect to Posted Collateral other than Cash, all
principal, interest and other payments and distributions of cash or other
property with respect thereto, regardless of whether the Secured Party has
disposed of that Posted Collateral under Paragraph 6(c). Distributions will not
include any item of property acquired by the Secured Party upon any disposition
or liquidation of Posted Collateral or, with respect to any Posted Collateral in
the form of Cash, any distributions on that collateral, unless otherwise
specified herein.

"Eligible Collateral" means, with respect to a party, the items, if any,
specified as such for that party in Paragraph 13.

"Eligible Credit Support" means Eligible Collateral and Other Eligible Support.

"Exposure" means for any Valuation Date or other date for which Exposure is
calculated and subject to Paragraph 5 in the case of a dispute, the amount, if
any, that would be payable to a party that is the Secured Party by the other
party (expressed as a positive number) or by a party that is the Secured Party
to the other party (expressed as a negative number) pursuant to Section
6(e)(ii)(2)(A) of this Agreement as if all Transactions (or Swap Transactions)
were being terminated as of the relevant Valuation Time; provided that Market
Quotation will be determined by the Valuation Agent using its estimates at
mid-market of the amounts that would be paid for Replacement Transactions (as
that term is defined in the definition of "Market Quotation").

"Independent Amount" means, with respect to a party, the amount specified as
such for that party in Paragraph 13; if no amount is specified, zero.

"Interest Amount" means, with respect to an Interest Period, the aggregate sum
of the amounts of interest calculated for each day in that Interest Period on
the principal amount of Posted Collateral in the form of Cash held by the
Secured Party on that day, determined by the Secured Party for each such day as
follows:

     (x) the amount of that Cash on that day; multiplied by

     (y) the Interest Rate in effect for that day; divided by

     (z) 360.

"Interest Period" means the period from (and including) the last Local Business
Day on which an Interest Amount was Transferred (or, if no Interest Amount has
yet been Transferred, the Local Business Day on which Posted Collateral in the
form of Cash was Transferred to or received by the Secured Party) to (but
excluding) the Local Business Day on which the current Interest Amount is to be
Transferred.

"Interest Rate" means the rate specified in Paragraph 13.

"Local Business Day," unless otherwise specified in Paragraph 13, has the
meaning specified in the Definitions Section of this Agreement, except that
references to a payment in clause (b) thereof will be deemed to include a
Transfer under this Annex.

                                       18

<PAGE>

"Minimum Transfer Amount" means, with respect to a party, the amount specified
as such for that party in Paragraph 13; if no amount is specified, zero.

"Notification Time" has the meaning specified in Paragraph 13.

"Obligations" means, with respect to a party, all present and future obligations
of that party under this Agreement and any additional obligations specified for
that party in Paragraph 13.

"Other Eligible Support" means, with respect to a party, the items, if any,
specified as such for that party in Paragraph 13.

"Other Posted Support" means all Other Eligible Support Transferred to the
Secured Party that remains in effect for the benefit of that Secured Party.

"Pledgor" means either party, when that party (i) receives a demand for or is
required to Transfer Eligible Credit Support under Paragraph 3(a) or (ii) has
Transferred Eligible Credit Support under Paragraph 3(a).

"Posted Collateral" means all Eligible Collateral, other property,
Distributions, and all proceeds thereof that have been Transferred to or
received by the Secured Party under this Annex and not Transferred to the
Pledgor pursuant to Paragraph 3(b), 4(d)(ii) or 6(d)(i) or released by the
Secured Party under Paragraph 8. Any Interest Amount or portion thereof not
Transferred pursuant to Paragraph 6(d)(ii) will constitute Posted Collateral in
the form of Cash.

"Posted Credit Support" means Posted Collateral and Other Posted Support.

"Recalculation Date" means the Valuation Date that gives rise to the dispute
under Paragraph 5; provided, however, that if a subsequent Valuation Date occurs
under Paragraph 3 prior to the resolution of the dispute, then the
"Recalculation Date" means the most recent Valuation Date under Paragraph 3.

"Resolution Time" has the meaning specified in Paragraph 13.

"Return Amount" has the meaning specified in Paragraph 3(b).

"Secured Party" means either party, when that party (i) makes a demand for or is
entitled to receive Eligible Credit Support under Paragraph 3(a) or (ii) holds
or is deemed to hold Posted Credit Support.

"Specified Condition" means, with respect to a party, any event specified as
such for that party in Paragraph 13.

"Substitute Credit Support" has the meaning specified in Paragraph 4(d)(i).

"Substitution Date" has the meaning specified in Paragraph 4(d)(ii).

"Threshold" means, with respect to a party, the amount specified as such for
that party in Paragraph 13; if no amount is specified, zero.

"Transfer" means, with respect to any Eligible Credit Support, Posted Credit
Support or Interest Amount, and in accordance with the instructions of the
Secured Party, Pledgor or Custodian, as applicable:

     (i)   in the case of Cash, payment or delivery by wire transfer into one or
     more bank accounts specified by the recipient;

     (ii)  in the case of certificated securities that cannot be paid or
     delivered by book-entry, payment or delivery in appropriate physical form
     to the recipient or its account accompanied by any duly executed
     instruments of transfer, assignments in blank, transfer tax stamps and any
     other documents necessary to constitute a legally valid transfer to the
     recipient;

     (iii) in the case of securities that can be paid or delivered by
     book-entry, the giving of written instructions to the relevant depository
     institution or other entity specified by the recipient, together with a
     written copy thereof to the recipient, sufficient if complied with to
     result in a legally effective transfer of the relevant interest to the
     recipient; and

     (iv)  in the case of Other Eligible Support or Other Posted Support, as
     specified in Paragraph 13.

                                       19

<PAGE>

"Valuation Agent" has the meaning specified in Paragraph 13.

"Valuation Date" means each date specified in or otherwise determined pursuant
to Paragraph 13.

"Valuation Percentage" means, for any item of Eligible Collateral, the
percentage specified in Paragraph 13.

"Valuation Time" has the meaning specified in Paragraph 13.

"Value" means for any Valuation Date or other date for which Value is calculated
and subject to Paragraph 5 in the case of a dispute, with respect to:

     (i)   Eligible Collateral or Posted Collateral that is:

            (A) Cash, the amount thereof, and

            (B) A security, the bid price obtained by the Valuation Agent
            multiplied by the applicable Valuation Percentage, if any;

     (ii)  Posted Collateral that consists of items that are not specified as
     Eligible Collateral, zero; and

     (iii) Other Eligible Support and Other Posted Support, as specified in
     Paragraph 13.

                                       20

<PAGE>

Paragraph 13. Elections and Variables

(a)  Security Interest for "Obligations." The term "Obligations" as used in this
     Annex does not include any additional obligations.

(b)  Credit Support Obligations

     (i)  (A)  "Delivery Amount" and "Return Amount" each has the meaning
               specified in Paragraph 3.

          (B)  "Credit Support Amount" means for any Valuation Date the amount
               by which the (i) the Secured Party's Exposure for that Valuation
               Date plus (ii) the aggregate of all Independent Amounts
               applicable to the Pledgor, exceeds (iii) the Pledgor's Threshold,
               if any; provided, however, that (x) in the case where the sum of
               the Independent Amounts applicable to the Pledgor exceeds zero,
               the Credit Support Amount will not be less than the sum of all
               Independent Amounts applicable to the Pledgor and (y) in all
               other cases, the Credit Support Amount will be deemed to be zero
               whenever the calculation of the Credit Support Amount yields an
               amount less than zero

               ; provided further that the Credit Support Amount under this
               Annex shall be zero if and so long as the Joint Rating (as
               defined below) of Party A or Party A's Credit Support Provider
               (as applicable) and the Offsetting Counterparty (as defined
               below) is at least "AA-" by S&P or "Aa3" by Moody's.

     (ii) Eligible Collateral. The following items will qualify as "Eligible
          Collateral" for Party A, each with a Valuation Percentage equal to the
          corresponding number in the table below:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                         Valuation
                                 Eligible Collateral                        Party A      Percentage
               --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
          <S>                                                               <C>          <C>
          (A)   Cash                                                          [X]           100%

          (B)   Commercial paper with a rating of at least A-1 by S&P         [X]           100%
                and having a remaining maturity of not more than 30 days

          (C)   Agency Notes having a remaining maturity of:

                Not more than 30 days                                         [X]           100%

                More than 30 days                                             [X]            77%

          (D)   Municipal securities with a rating of at least AAA of a       [X]            50%
                remaining maturity of not more than
</TABLE>

<PAGE>

                 5 years.


     (iii)  Other Eligible Support. No other items will qualify as "Other
            Eligible Support."

     (iv)   Thresholds

            (A)  "Independent Amount" means, with respect to Party A, an amount
                 equal to the Notional Amount multiplied by the percentage set
                 forth opposite Joint Rating on Schedule I hereof and
                 corresponding to the remaining maturity of the Transaction.

                 "Independent Amount" means, with respect to Party B: zero.

            (B)  "Threshold" means, with respect to Party A, the amount set
                 forth below opposite the Joint Rating. If there is no Joint
                 Rating, the Threshold Amount for Party A shall be zero.

                                                           THRESHOLD
                        JOINT RATING                     Counterparty
                        ------------                     ------------

            Equal to or Above AA- and Aa3                   Infinity

            Below AA- or Aa2                                  US$0

                 "Threshold" means, with respect to Party B: Not Applicable.

            (C)  "Minimum Transfer Amount" means, with respect to Party A:
                 $100,000.

                 "Minimum Transfer Amount" means, with respect to Party B:
                 $100,000.

            (D)  Rounding. The Delivery Amount and the Return Amount will be
                 rounded to the nearest integral multiple of $1,000.

(c)  Valuation and Timing; Dispute Notification and Timing; Average Amount and
     Timing

     (i)    "Valuation Agent" means Party A.

     (ii)   "Valuation Date" means the last Local Business Day of each week on
            which the Federal Reserve Wire System, the New York Stock Exchange
            and any relevant clearing agencies are open to transact business.

     (iii)  "Valuation Time" means the close of business on the Local Business
            Day before the Valuation Date or date of calculation, as applicable,
            or any time on the Valuation Date or date of calculation, as
            applicable; provided that the calculations of Value and Exposure
            will be made as of approximately the same time on the same date.

     (iv)   "Notification Time" means 1:00 p.m., New York time, on a Local
            Business Day.

                                       12

<PAGE>


(d)  Substitution

     (i)    "Substitution Date" has the meaning specified in Paragraph 4(d)(ii).

     (ii)   Consent. The Pledgor need not obtain the Secured Party's consent for
            any substitution pursuant to Paragraph 4(d).

(e)  Dispute Resolution

     (i)    "Resolution Time" means 1:00 p.m., New York time, on the Local
            Business Day following the date on which the notice is given that
            gives rise to a dispute under Paragraph 5.

     (ii)   Value. For the purpose of Paragraphs 5(i)(C) and 5(ii), the
            Valuation Agent shall calculate the Value of Posted Credit Support
            by reference to third party sources it deems reasonable (e.g., a
            Reuters Screen) or if such method is not practicable, in accordance
            with standard market practice.

     (iii)  Alternative. The provisions of Paragraph 5 will apply:

(f)  Holding and Using Posted Collateral

     (i)    Eligibility to Hold Posted Collateral; Custodians.

            Party B and its Custodian will be entitled to hold Posted Collateral
            pursuant to Paragraph 6(b); provided that the following conditions
            applicable to it are satisfied:

            (1)  Party B is not a Defaulting Party.

            (2)  Posted Collateral may be held only in the United States.

            (3)  Initially, the Custodian for Party B is: None.

     (ii)   Use of Posted Collateral. The provisions of Paragraph 6(c) will
            apply.

(g)  Distributions and Interest Amount

     (i)    "Interest Rate" means USD Federal Funds H-15. The Interest Rate is
            calculated on an actual/360  basis and is not subject to
            compounding.

     (ii)   Transfer of Interest Amount. The Transfer of the Interest Amount
            will be made on the last Local Business Day of each calendar month
            and on any Local Business Day that Posted Collateral in the form of
            Cash is Transferred to the Pledgor pursuant to Paragraph 3(b).

     (iii)  Alternative to Interest Amount. The provisions of Paragraph 6(d)(ii)
            will apply.

                                       13

<PAGE>

(h)  Additional Representation(s). Party B represents that it is not a U.S. bank
     or thrift institution subject to the Federal Deposit Insurance Act as
     amended (including amendments effected by the Financial Institutions
     Reform, Recovery, and Enforcement Act of 1989).

(i)  Other Eligible Support and Other Posted Support

     "Value" and "Transfer" with respect to Other Eligible Support and Other
     Posted Support mean: Not applicable.

(j)  Demands and Notices. All demands, specifications and notices to under this
     Annex will be made to:

            Morgan Stanley Capital Services Inc.
            1585 Broadway
            3/rd/ Fl. -FID Controllers
            New York, NY 10036
            Attn: FID Collateral Manager

            Telephone No.: (212) 761-2628
            Facsimile No.: (212) 761-0580

     and all demands, specifications and notices to Party B under this Annex
     will be as provided in the Notices Section; provided, that any demand,
     specification or notice to either party may be made by telephone
     ("Telephone Notice") between duly authorized employees of each party if
     such Telephone Notice is confirmed by a subsequent written instruction
     (which may be delivered via facsimile) by the close of business of the same
     day that such Telephone Notice is given.

(k)  Addresses for Transfers

            Party A:

            Cash:   Citibank, New York
                    ABA No.: 021 000 089
                    Account No.: 4072-4601
                    BIC: CITIUS33

                    Treasury Securities and Agency Notes;
                    The Bank of New York
                    ABA No.: 021000018

            Party B:

                                       14

<PAGE>

                    Bank One, National Association
                    ABA#: 071000013
                    A/C#: 10-43256 further credit to CARAT 2003-1
                          Collection Account No. 2600104000
                    Attn: Keith Richardson

(l)  Other Provisions

     (i)    Notwithstanding any other provision in this Agreement to the
            contrary, no full or partial failure to exercise and no delay in
            exercising, on the part of Party A (or its Custodian) or Party B (or
            its Custodian), any right, remedy, power or privilege permitted with
            respect to transfer timing (or any other deadline) pursuant to
            Paragraph 4(b), as replaced by Paragraph 13(m)(i) (or any other
            applicable provision), regardless of the frequency or constancy of
            such failure or delay, shall operate in any way as a waiver thereof
            by such party.

     (ii)   Paragraph 7(i) of the Annex is amended by deleting the word "two"
            where it appears in the final line thereof and inserting in lieu
            thereof the word "three."

(m)  Agreement as to Single Secured Party and Pledgor. Party A and Party B agree
     that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the recital to this
     Annex, Paragraph 1(b) or Paragraph 2 or the definitions of Paragraph 12,
     (a) the term "Secured Party" as used in this Annex shall mean only Party B,
     (b) the term "Pledgor" as used in this Annex shall mean only Party A, (c)
     only Party A makes the pledge and grant in Paragraph 2, the acknowledgement
     in the final sentence of Paragraph 8(a) and the representations in
     Paragraph 9 and (d) only Party A will be required to make Transfers of
     Eligible Credit Support hereunder.

(n)  Additional Definitions

     "Agency Notes" means U.S. Dollar-denominated fixed rate, non-amortizing,
     non-mortgage-backed, bullet senior debt securities of fixed maturity, rated
     AAA by S&P and issued directly by any of the Federal Home Loan Banks, the
     Federal National Mortgage Association, the Government National Mortgage
     Association, the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation or the Federal Farm
     Credit Bank.

     "Joint Rating" means the Joint Probability Rating as such term is defined
     in the Confirmation of Primary Swap Relating to the Capital Auto
     Receivables Asset Trust 2003-1 Class A-1b Notes with a Reference Number
     ARKRU.

     "Offsetting Counterparty" means (i) General Motors Acceptance Corporation
     or any successor thereto ("GMAC") under the back-to-back swap transaction
     with a trade date of January 7, 2003, as evidenced by the back-to-back
     confirmations, each dated January 15, 2003 and entered into between (x)
     Party A and (y) GMAC or any successor thereto or any party intermediating
     between Party A and GMAC.

     "Moody's" means Moody's Investors Service, Inc.

                                       15

<PAGE>

     "S&P" means Standard & Poor's Ratings Service, a division of The
     McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc.

     "Treasury Securities" means negotiable debt obligations directly issued by
     the U.S. Treasury Department.

(o)  Expenses Related to the Posting of Eligible Collateral. Party A shall be
     liable for the reasonable costs and expenses incurred as a result of the
     delivery of Eligible Credit Support pursuant to this Annex.

                                       16

<PAGE>

          IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Credit Support
Annex by their duly authorized officers as of the date hereof.

                                     MORGAN STANLEY CAPITAL SERVICES INC.


                                     By: _______________________________________
                                         Name:
                                         Title:


                                     CAPITAL AUTO RECEIVABLES ASSET TRUST 2003-1


                                     By: Deutsche Bank Trust Company Delaware,
                                         not in its individual capacity
                                         but solely as Owner Trustee



                                     By: _______________________________________
                                         Name:
                                         Title:

<PAGE>

                                   SCHEDULE I

Joint Probability Rating    Independent Amount for     Independent Amount for
------------------------   Maturities Up to 5 Years   Maturities Up to 10 Years
                            (% of Notional Amount)      (% of Notional Amount)
                            ----------------------      ----------------------

  AA- and Aa3 or above          Not Applicable              Not Applicable

       A+ or A1                       0.6                         1.05

       A or A2                        0.9                          1.1

       A- or A3                       1.2                         2.25

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
