<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.7
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>exhibit10-7.txt
<DESCRIPTION>DEFERRED COMPENSATION PLAN
<TEXT>
                                  EXHIBIT 10.7

                          THE OHIO VALLEY BANK COMPANY
                         DIRECTOR DEFERRED FEE AGREEMENT


THIS AGREEMENT is made this 11th day of November,  2002, by and between THE OHIO
VALLEY BANK COMPANY (the "Company"), and BARNEY A. MOLNAR (the "Director").


                                  INTRODUCTION

To  encourage  the  Director  to  remain  a  member  of the  Company's  Board of
Directors,  the  Company is willing  to provide to the  Director a deferred  fee
opportunity.  The Company will pay the  Director's  benefits  from the Company's
general assets.

                                    AGREEMENT

The Director and the Company agree as follows:

                                    Article 1
                                   Definitions

Whenever used in this Agreement,  the following words and phrases shall have the
meanings specified:

1.1 "Anniversary Date" means December 31 of each year.

1.2 "Code" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

1.3  "Deferral  Account"  means  the  Company's  accounting  of  the  Director's
accumulated Deferrals plus accrued interest.

1.4  "Deferrals"  means the amount of the  Director's  Fees  which the  Director
elects to defer according to this Agreement.

1.5  "Disability"  means,  if the  Director  is covered  by a Company  sponsored
disability policy,  total disability as defined in such policy without regard to
any waiting period. If the Director is not covered by such a policy,  Disability
means the  Director  suffering a  sickness,  accident  or injury  which,  in the
judgment of a physician satisfactory to the Company,  prevents the Director from
performing substantially all of the Director's normal duties for the Company. As
a condition to any  benefits,  the Company may require the Director to submit to
such  physical  or  mental  evaluations  and  tests  as the  Company's  Board of
Directors deems appropriate.

<PAGE>

1.6 "Effective Date" means December 11, 2001.

1.7 "Election Form" means the form attached as Exhibit 1.

1.8 "Fees" means the total fees payable to the Director during a Plan Year.

1.9 "Form of Benefit Election" means the form attached as Exhibit 2.

1.10 "Normal Retirement Age" means the Director's 70th birthday.

1.11 "Normal  Retirement  Date" means the later of the Normal  Retirement Age or
Termination of Service.

1.12 "Plan Year" means the calendar year.

1.13  "Termination  of Service" means that the Director ceases to be a member of
the Company's Board of Directors for any reason  whatsoever other than by reason
of a leave of absence  which is approved by the  Company.  For  purposes of this
Agreement,  if there is a dispute over the Director's  status or the date of the
Director's  Termination of Service, the Company shall have the sole and absolute
right to decide the dispute.

                                    Article 2
                                Deferral Election

2.1 Initial Election. The Director shall make an initial deferral election under
this Agreement by filing with the Company a signed  Election Form within 30 days
after the Effective  Date of this  Agreement.  The Election Form shall set forth
the  amount of Fees to be  deferred  and shall be  effective  to defer only Fees
earned after the date the Election Form is received by the Company.

2.2 Election Changes. Upon Company approval,  the Director may modify the amount
of Fees to be deferred  annually by filing a new Election  Form with the Company
prior to the  beginning  of the Plan Year in which the Fees are to be  deferred.
The modified  deferral  election shall not be effective  until the calendar year
following  the  year in which  the  subsequent  Election  Form is  received  and
approved by the Company.

                                    Article 3
                                Deferral Account

3.1 Establishing  and Crediting.  The Company shall establish a Deferral Account
on its books for the  Director  and shall  credit to the  Deferral  Account  the
following amounts:

<PAGE>

3.1.1  Deferrals.The Fees deferred by the Director as of the time the Fees would
       have otherwise been paid to the Director.

3.1.2  Interest.On each Anniversary Date and immediately prior to the payment of
       any  benefits  interest  is to be  accrued on the  account  balance at an
       annual rate  determined by the  Company's  Board of Directors in its sole
       and absolute discretion, compounded monthly.

3.2 Statement of Accounts. The Company shall provide to the Director, within 120
days after each Anniversary Date, a statement setting forth the Deferral Account
balance.

3.3  Accounting  Device  Only.  The  Deferral  Account  is  solely a device  for
measuring amounts to be paid under this Agreement. The Deferral Account is not a
trust fund of any kind.  The  Director  is a general  unsecured  creditor of the
Company for the payment of  benefits.  The benefits  represent  the mere Company
promise to pay such  benefits.  The  Director's  rights  are not  subject in any
manner  to  anticipation,   alienation,  sale,  transfer,   assignment,  pledge,
encumbrance, attachment, or garnishment by the Director's creditors.

                                    Article 4
                                Lifetime Benefits

4.1 Normal  Retirement  Benefit.  Upon the Normal  Retirement  Date, the Company
shall pay to the Director  the benefit  described in this Section 4.1 in lieu of
any other benefit under this Agreement.

4.1.1  Amount of Benefit. The benefit under  this  Section  4.1 is the  Deferral
       Account balance at the Director's Normal Retirement Date.

4.1.2  Payment of Benefit. The  Company  shall pay the  benefit to the  Director
       in the manner elected on the Form of Benefit Election.

4.2 Early  Retirement  Benefit.  Upon Termination of Service prior to the Normal
Retirement Age for reasons other than death or Disability, the Company shall pay
to the Director  the benefit  described in this Section 4.2 in lieu of any other
benefit under this Agreement.

4.2.1  Amount of Benefit.  The benefit  under this  Section 4.2 is the  Deferral
       Account balance at the Director's Termination of Service.

4.2.2  Payment of Benefit.  The Company shall pay the benefit to the Director in
       the manner elected on the Form of Benefit Election.

4.3 Disability  Benefit. If the Director terminates service as a Director due to
Disability prior to Normal Retirement Age, the Company shall pay to the Director
the benefit  described  in this Section 4.3 in lieu of any other  benefit  under
this Agreement.

<PAGE>
4.3.1  Amount of Benefit.  The  benefit  under  this Section 4.3 is the Deferral
       Account balance at the Director's Termination of Service.

4.3.2  Payment of Benefit.  The Company shall pay the benefit to the Director in
       the manner elected on the Form of Benefit Election.

                                   Article 5
                                 Death Benefits

5.1 Death  During  Active  Service.  If the  Director  dies  while in the active
service of the Company, the Company shall pay to the Director's  beneficiary the
benefit  described in this Section 5.1 in lieu of any other  benefit  under this
Agreement.

5.1.1 Amount of Benefit. The benefit under Section 5.1 is the greater of: a) the
       Deferral  Account  balance on the Director's  death; or b) $50,000 (Fifty
       Thousand Dollars).

5.1.2 Payment of Benefit.  The Company  shall pay the benefit to the  Director's
      beneficiary in the manner elected on the Form of Benefit Election.

5.2 Death During  Benefit  Period.  If the Director dies after benefit  payments
have commenced under this Agreement but before receiving all such payments,  the
Company shall pay the remaining  benefits to the  Director's  beneficiary at the
same time and in the same  amounts they would have been paid to the Director had
the Director survived.

5.3 Death After Termination of Service But Before Benefit Payments Commence.  If
the  Director is entitled to benefit  payments  under this  Agreement,  but dies
prior to the  commencement of said benefit  payments,  the Company shall pay the
benefit payments to the Director's beneficiary that the Director was entitled to
prior to death except that the benefit  payments shall commence on the first day
of the month following the date of the Director's death.

                                    Article 6
                                  Beneficiaries

6.1  Beneficiary  Designations.  The Director  shall  designate a beneficiary by
filing a written designation with the Company. The Director may revoke or modify
the designation at any time by filing a new designation.  However,  designations
will only be  effective  if signed by the  Director  and accepted by the Company
during the Director's lifetime. The Director's beneficiary  designation shall be
deemed automatically  revoked if the beneficiary  predeceases the Director or if
the Director  names a spouse as  beneficiary  and the  marriage is  subsequently
dissolved.  If the Director dies without a valid  beneficiary  designation,  all
payments shall be made to the Director's estate.

6.2  Facility  of  Payment.  If a benefit  is  payable  to a minor,  to a person
declared  incompetent,  or to a person  incapable of handling the disposition of
his or her  property,  the Company may pay such benefit to the  guardian,  legal
representative  or person having the care or custody of such minor,  incompetent
person or  incapable  person.  The Company may  require  proof of  incompetence,
minority or guardianship as it may deem appropriate prior to distribution of the
benefit.  Such  distribution  shall  completely  discharge  the Company from all
liability with respect to such benefit.

                                    Article 7
                               General Limitations

7.1  Termination for Cause.  Notwithstanding  any provision of this Agreement to
the contrary, the Company shall not pay any benefit under this Agreement that is
in excess of the Director's  Deferrals if the Company  terminates the Director's
service for:

(a) Gross negligence or gross neglect of duties to the Company;

(b) Commission of a felony or of a gross misdemeanor involving  moral  turpitude
    in connection with the Director's service to the Company; or

(c) Fraud, disloyalty, dishonesty or willful violation of any law or significant
    Company  policy  committed  in  connection  with  the Director's service and
    resulting in an adverse effect on the Company.

7.2 Suicide or  Misstatement.  The Company  shall not pay any benefit under this
Agreement if the Director  commits  suicide within three years after the date of
this  Agreement.  In addition,  the Company shall not pay any benefit under this
Agreement if the Director has made any material misstatement of fact on a resume
provided to the Company,  or on any application for any benefits provided by the
Company to the Director.

7.3 Excess Parachute Payment. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to
the contrary, the Company shall not pay any benefit under this Agreement to the
extent the benefit would create an excise tax under the excess parachute rules
of Section 280G of the Code.

                                    Article 8
                          Claims and Review Procedures

8.1 Claims Procedure. The Company shall notify any person or entity that makes a
claim  against the  Agreement  (the  "Claimant")  in writing,  within 90 days of
Claimant's  written  application  for  benefits,  of his or her  eligibility  or
non-eligibility for benefits under the Agreement. If the Company determines that
the Claimant is not eligible for benefits or full benefits, the notice shall set
forth (1) the specific reasons for such denial, (2) a specific reference to the

<PAGE>

provisions of the Agreement on which the denial is based,  (3) a description  of
any additional information or material necessary for the Claimant to perfect his
or her claim,  and a description of why it is needed,  and (4) an explanation of
the Agreement's claims review procedure and other appropriate  information as to
the steps to be taken if the Claimant wishes to have the claim reviewed.  If the
Company  determines that there are special  circumstances  requiring  additional
time to make a decision,  the Company  shall  notify the Claimant of the special
circumstances  and the date by which a decision is expected to be made,  and may
extend the time for up to an additional 90 days.

8.2 Review  Procedure.  If the Claimant is  determined  by the Company not to be
eligible for benefits, or if the Claimant believes that he or she is entitled to
greater or different  benefits,  the Claimant shall have the opportunity to have
such claim  reviewed  by the  Company by filing a petition  for review  with the
Company  within 60 days after receipt of the notice issued by the Company.  Said
petition shall state the specific  reasons which the Claimant  believes  entitle
him or her to benefits or to greater or different benefits. Within 60 days after
receipt by the Company of the  petition,  the Company  shall afford the Claimant
(and  counsel,  if any) an  opportunity  to present  his or her  position to the
Company  verbally or in writing,  and the Claimant  (or counsel)  shall have the
right to review the pertinent  documents.  The Company shall notify the Claimant
of its decision in writing within the 60-day period,  stating  specifically  the
basis of its  decision,  written in a manner  calculated to be understood by the
Claimant and the specific  provisions  of the Agreement on which the decision is
based.  If,  because  of the  need  for a  hearing,  the  60-day  period  is not
sufficient,  the  decision  may be  deferred  for up to  another  60 days at the
election  of the  Company,  but  notice of this  deferral  shall be given to the
Claimant.
                                    Article 9
                           Amendments and Termination

This Agreement may be amended or terminated only by a written  agreement  signed
by the Company and the Director.

Notwithstanding  the previous paragraph in this Article 9, the Company may amend
or terminate this Agreement at any time if, pursuant to legislative, judicial or
regulatory action,  continuation of the Agreement would (i) cause benefits to be
taxable to the Director prior to actual  receipt,  or (ii) result in significant
financial  penalties or other  significantly  detrimental  ramifications  to the
Company (other than the financial  impact of paying the  benefits).  In no event
shall this  Agreement be terminated  under this section  without  payment to the
Director  of  the  Deferral  Account  balance  attributable  to  the  Director's
Deferrals and interest credited on such amounts.

                                   Article 10
                                  Miscellaneous

10.1 Binding Effect. This Agreement shall bind the Director and the Company, and
their beneficiaries, survivors, executors, administrators and transferees.

<PAGE>

10.2 No Guarantee of Service.  This Agreement is not a contract for services. It
does not give the  Director  the right to remain in the service of the  Company,
nor does it interfere with the shareholders' rights to replace the Director.  It
also does not require  the  Director to remain in the service of the Company nor
interfere with the Director's right to terminate services at any time.

10.3  Non-Transferability.   Benefits  under  this  Agreement  cannot  be  sold,
transferred, assigned, pledged, attached or encumbered in any manner.

10.4 Tax Withholding.  The Company shall withhold any taxes that are required to
be withheld from the benefits provided under this Agreement.

10.5 Applicable Law. The Agreement and all rights hereunder shall be governed by
the laws of the State of Ohio, except to the extent preempted by the laws of the
United States of America.

10.6  Unfunded  Arrangement.  The Director and the  Director's  beneficiary  are
general  unsecured  creditors  of the Company for the payment of benefits  under
this  Agreement.  The benefits  represent the mere promise by the Company to pay
such  benefits.  The  rights  to  benefits  are not  subject  in any  manner  to
anticipation,  alienation,  sale,  transfer,  assignment,  pledge,  encumbrance,
attachment, or garnishment by creditors. Any insurance on the Director's life is
a  general  asset  of the  Company  to which  the  Director  and the  Director's
beneficiary have no preferred or secured claim.

10.7  Reorganization.  The Company shall not merge or  consolidate  into or with
another  company,  or  reorganize,  or sell  substantially  all of its assets to
another company,  firm, or person unless such succeeding or continuing  company,
firm, or person agrees to assume and  discharge the  obligations  of the Company
under this Agreement.

10.8 Entire Agreement.  This Agreement  constitutes the entire agreement between
the Company and the  Director as to the  subject  matter  hereof.  No rights are
granted  to  the  Director  by  virtue  of  this  Agreement   other  than  those
specifically set forth herein.

10.9  Administration.  The Company  shall have  powers  which are  necessary  to
administer this Agreement, including but not limited to:

(a) Interpreting the provisions of the Agreement;

(b) Establishing and revising the method of accounting for the Agreement;

(c) Maintaining a record of benefit payments; and

<PAGE>

(d) Establishing  rules  and  prescribing  any  forms  necessary or desirable to
    administer the Agreement.

10.10  Named  Fiduciary.  The  Company  shall be the  named  fiduciary  and plan
administrator  under the Agreement.  The named  fiduciary may delegate to others
certain  aspects of the  management and operation  responsibilities  of the plan
including the employment of advisors and the delegation of ministerial duties to
qualified individuals.

10.11 Attorney Fees. If there is a dispute  between the Company and the Director
over the benefit amount and said dispute cannot be resolved  between the parties
without  consulting  an  attorney,  any and all  attorney  fees  incurred by the
Director or the Company shall be paid by the Company.



IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  the Director and a duly  authorized  Company  officer have
signed this Agreement.


DIRECTOR:                                           COMPANY:

                                                    THE OHIO VALLEY BANK COMPANY


/s/ Barney A. Molnar                                By:  /s/ Jeffrey E. Smith
--------------------                                -------------------------
Barney A. Molnar                                    Tile: President and CEO

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
