<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>11
<FILENAME>exhibit10-3.txt
<DESCRIPTION>DIRECTOR RETIREMENT PLAN
<TEXT>
                                  EXHIBIT 10.3

                          THE OHIO VALLEY BANK COMPANY
                          DIRECTOR RETIREMENT AGREEMENT


THIS  AGREEMENT  is adopted this 10th day of October,  2002,  by and between THE
OHIO VALLEY BANK COMPANY, located in Gallipolis,  Ohio (the "Company") and BRENT
A. SAUNDERS (the "Director").

                                  INTRODUCTION

To  encourage  the  Director  to  remain  a  member  of the  Company's  Board of
Directors,  the  Company  is  willing  to  provide  retirement  benefits  to the
Director. The Company will pay the benefits from its general assets.

                                    AGREEMENT

The Director and the Company agree as follows:

                                    Article 1
                                   Definitions

Whenever used in this Agreement,  the following words and phrases shall have the
meanings specified:

1.1      "Code" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

1.2      "Disability" means, if the Director is  covered by  a Company sponsored
         disability  policy,  total disability as defined in such policy without
         regard to any waiting period.  If the Director is not covered by such a
         policy, Disability means the Director suffering a sickness, accident or
         injury,  which,  in the judgment of a physician who is  satisfactory to
         the Company, prevents the Director from performing substantially all of
         the  Director's  normal  duties  for the  Company.  As a  condition  to
         receiving any Disability benefits, the Company may require the Director
         to  submit to such  physical  or  mental  evaluations  and tests as the
         Company's Board of Directors deems appropriate and reasonable.

1.3      "Effective Date" means November 1, 2001.

1.4      "Normal   Retirement   Age" means  the  Annual  Meeting of Shareholders
         following  the calendar  year in which the Director  attains the age of
         70.

1.5      "Normal Retirement Date" means the  later  of the Normal Retirement Age
         or Termination of Service.
<PAGE>

1.6      "Plan Year" means a  twelve-month  period  commencing  on January 1 and
         ending on  December  31 of each  year.  The  initial  Plan  Year  shall
         commence on the date of this Agreement.

1.7      "Termination for Cause" See Section 5.2.

1.8      "Termination of Service" means that the  Director ceases to be a member
         of the  Company's  Board of Directors  for any reason,  voluntarily  or
         involuntarily,  other than by reason of a leave of absence  approved by
         the Company.

1.9      "Years of Service"  means  the  total  number of  twelve-month  periods
         during  which  the  Director  has  served  on the  Company's  Board  of
         Directors.
                                    Article 2
                                Lifetime Benefits

2.1 Normal  Retirement  Benefit.  Upon Termination of Service on or after Normal
Retirement  Age for  reasons  other than  death,  the  Company  shall pay to the
Director the benefit  described in this Section 2.1 in lieu of any other benefit
under this Agreement.

2.1.1  Amount of Benefit. The  annual  benefit  under  this Section 2.1  is  the
       greater  of:  (i) 50  percent  of the  Director's  three (3) prior  years
       average total annual or monthly  compensation;  or (ii) 50 percent of any
       consecutive  three (3)  prior  years  average  total  annual  or  monthly
       compensation.

2.1.2  Payment of Benefit. For Directors  with  10 Years of Service or less, the
       Company shall pay the annual  benefit to the Director in 12 equal monthly
       installments  payable on the first day of each month  commencing with the
       month following the Director's Normal Retirement Date. The annual benefit
       shall be paid to the Director for 10 years.  For Directors with more than
       10 Years of  Service,  the  Company  shall pay the annual  benefit to the
       Director  in 12 equal  monthly  installments  payable on the first day of
       each month  commencing  with the month  following the  Director's  Normal
       Retirement  Date. The annual benefit shall be paid to the Director for 20
       years.

2.2 Disability  Benefit.  If the Director  terminates  Service due to Disability
prior to Normal  Retirement  Age,  the  Company  shall pay to the  Director  the
benefit  described in this Section 2.2 in lieu of any other  benefit  under this
Agreement.

2.2.1  Amount of Benefit. The  annual  benefit under  this  Section 2.2  is  the
       greater  of:  (i) 50  percent  of the  Director's  three (3) prior  years
       average total annual or monthly  compensation;  or (ii) 50 percent of any
       consecutive  three (3)  prior  years  average  total  annual  or  monthly
       compensation.

<PAGE>

2.2.2  Payment of Benefit. For Directors  with 10 Years  of Service or less, the
       Company shall pay the annual  benefit to the Director in 12 equal monthly
       installments  payable on the first day of each month  commencing with the
       month following the Director's Normal Retirement Date. The annual benefit
       shall be paid to the Director for 10 years.  For Directors with more than
       10 Years of  Service,  the  Company  shall pay the annual  benefit to the
       Director  in 12 equal  monthly  installments  payable on the first day of
       each month  commencing  with the month  following the  Director's  Normal
       Retirement  Date. The annual benefit shall be paid to the Director for 20
       years.

                                    Article 3
                                 Death Benefits

3.1 Death  During  Active  Service.  If the  Director  dies  while in the active
service of the Company, the Company shall pay to the Director's  beneficiary the
benefit described in this Section 3.1. This benefit shall be paid in lieu of the
Lifetime Benefits under Article 2.

3.1.1  Amount  of  Benefit. The  annual  benefit under  this  Section 3.1  is 50
       percent of the  Director's  three (3) prior years average total annual or
       monthly compensation.

3.1.2  Payment  of  Benefit.  The  Company  shall  pay the annual benefit to the
       Director's  beneficiary in 12 equal monthly  installments  payable on the
       first  day  of  each  month  commencing  with  the  month  following  the
       Director's  death.  The annual  benefit  shall be paid to the  Director's
       beneficiary for 5 years.

3.2 Death During Payment of a Lifetime  Benefit.  If the Director dies after any
Lifetime  Benefit  payments  have  commenced  under  this  Agreement  but before
receiving all such payments,  the Company shall pay the  Director's  beneficiary
the benefit described in this Section 3.2.

3.2.1  Amount  of  Benefit.  The  annual  benefit  under  this Section 3.2 is 50
       percent of the  Director's  three (3) prior years average total annual or
       monthly compensation.

3.2.2  Payment of Benefit. The  Company  shall pay the Director's beneficiary at
       the  same  time and in the  same  amounts  they  would  have  paid to the
       Director had the Director  survived.  The number of payments shall be the
       lesser of: (a) the remaining benefit payments due to the Director; or (b)
       5 years of annual benefits, paid monthly.

                                    Article 4
                                  Beneficiaries

4.1  Beneficiary  Designations.  The Director  shall  designate a beneficiary by
filing a written designation with the Company. The Director may revoke or modify
the designation at any time by filing a new designation.  However,  designations
will only be  effective  if signed by the  Director  and received by the Company
during the Director's lifetime. The Director's beneficiary  designation shall be
deemed automatically revoked if the beneficiary predeceases

<PAGE>

the Director or if the Director names a spouse as  beneficiary  and the marriage
is  subsequently  dissolved.  If the Director  dies without a valid  beneficiary
designation, all payments shall be made to the Director's estate.

4.2  Facility  of  Payment.  If a benefit  is  payable  to a minor,  to a person
declared incompetent or to a person incapable of handling the disposition of his
or her  property,  the  Company  may pay such  benefit  to the  guardian,  legal
representative or person having the care or custody of such minor, incapacitated
person or  incapable  person.  The Company may  require  proof of  incompetence,
minority or guardianship as it may deem appropriate prior to distribution of the
benefit.  Such  distribution  shall  completely  discharge  the Company from all
liability with respect to such benefit.

                                    Article 5
                               General Limitations

5.1 Excess Parachute Payment. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to
the contrary,  the Company shall not pay any benefit under this Agreement to the
extent the benefit would create an excise tax under the excess  parachute  rules
of Section 280G of the Code.

5.2  Termination for Cause.  Notwithstanding  any provision of this Agreement to
the contrary,  the Company shall not pay any benefit under this Agreement if the
Company terminates the Director's service for:

(a)           Gross negligence or gross neglect of duties;

(b)           Commission of a  felony or  of a gross misdemeanor involving moral
              turpitude; or

(c)           Fraud, disloyalty, dishonesty  or willful  violation of any law or
              significant  Company  policy  committed  in  connection  with  the
              Director's  service  and  resulting  in an  adverse  effect on the
              Company.

5.3 Suicide or  Misstatement.  The Company  shall not pay any benefit under this
Agreement if the Director  commits  suicide within three years after the date of
this  Agreement.  In addition,  the Company shall not pay any benefit under this
Agreement  if the  Director  has made any  material  misstatement  of fact on an
employment  application or resume provided to the Company, or on any application
for any benefits provided by the Company to the Director.

                                    Article 6
                          Claims and Review Procedures

6.1 Claims Procedure. The Company shall notify any person or entity that makes a
claim  against the  Agreement  (the  "Claimant")  in writing,  within 90 days of
Claimant's  written  application  for  benefits,  of his or her  eligibility  or
noneligibility for benefits under the Agreement. If the Company determines that

<PAGE>

the Claimant is not eligible for benefits or full benefits, the notice shall set
forth (1) the specific reasons for such denial,  (2) a specific reference to the
provisions of the Agreement on which the denial is based,  (3) a description  of
any additional information or material necessary for the Claimant to perfect his
or her claim,  and a description of why it is needed,  (4) an explanation of the
Agreement's claims review procedure and other appropriate  information as to the
steps to be taken if the Claimant wishes to have the claim  reviewed,  and (5) a
time within which review must be requested. If the Company determines that there
are special  circumstances  requiring  additional  time to make a decision,  the
Company shall notify the Claimant of the special  circumstances  and the date by
which a decision is  expected  to be made,  and may extend the time for up to an
additional 90 days.

6.2 Review  Procedure.  If the Claimant is  determined  by the Company not to be
eligible for benefits, or if the Claimant believes that he or she is entitled to
greater or different  benefits,  the Claimant shall have the opportunity to have
such claim  reviewed  by the  Company by filing a petition  for review  with the
Company  within 60 days after receipt of the notice issued by the Company.  Said
petition shall state the specific  reasons,  which the Claimant believes entitle
him or her to benefits or to greater or different benefits. Within 60 days after
receipt by the Company of the  petition,  the Company  shall afford the Claimant
(and  counsel,  if any) an  opportunity  to present  his or her  position to the
Company in writing, and the Claimant (or counsel) shall have the right to review
the pertinent  documents.  The Company shall notify the Claimant of its decision
in writing  within  the 60-day  period,  stating  specifically  the basis of its
decision,  written in a manner to be understood by the Claimant and the specific
provisions of the Agreement on which the decision is based.  If,  because of the
need for a hearing, the sixty-day period is not sufficient,  the decision may be
deferred for up to another 60 days at the election of the Company, but notice of
this deferral shall be given to the Claimant.

                                    Article 7
                           Amendments and Termination

This Agreement may be amended or terminated only by a written  agreement  signed
by the Company and the Director.

Notwithstanding  the previous paragraph in this Article 7, the Company may amend
or terminate this Agreement at any time if, pursuant to legislative, judicial or
regulatory action,  continuation of the Agreement would (i) cause benefits to be
taxable to the Director prior to actual  receipt,  or (ii) result in significant
financial  penalties or other  significantly  detrimental  ramifications  to the
Company (other than the financial impact of paying the benefits).

                                    Article 8
                                  Miscellaneous

8.1 Binding Effect. This Agreement shall bind the Director and the Company,  and
their  beneficiaries,   survivors,  executors,  successors,  administrators  and
transferees.

<PAGE>

8.2 No Guarantee of Service.  This Agreement is not a contract for services.  It
does not give the  Director  the right to remain in the service of the  Company,
nor does it interfere with the  shareholder's  rights to discharge the Director.
It also does not  require  the  Director to remain in the service of the Company
nor interfere with the Director's right to terminate services at any time.

8.3   Non-Transferability.   Benefits  under  this  Agreement  cannot  be  sold,
transferred, assigned, pledged, attached or encumbered in any manner.

8.4  Reorganization.  The Company  shall not merge or  consolidate  into or with
another  company,  or  reorganize,  or sell  substantially  all of its assets to
another company,  firm, or person unless such succeeding or continuing  company,
firm, or person agrees to assume and  discharge the  obligations  of the Company
under this Agreement.  Upon the occurrence of such event,  the term "Company" as
used in this  Agreement  shall be deemed to refer to the  successor  or survivor
company.

8.5 Tax  Withholding.  The Company shall withhold any taxes that are required to
be withheld from the benefits provided under this Agreement.

8.6 Applicable Law. The Agreement and all rights  hereunder shall be governed by
the laws of the State of Ohio, except to the extent preempted by the laws of the
United States of America.

8.7 Unfunded  Arrangement.  The Director and beneficiary  are general  unsecured
creditors of the Company for the payment of benefits under this  Agreement.  The
benefits  represent  the mere promise by the Company to pay such  benefits.  The
rights to benefits  are not subject in any manner to  anticipation,  alienation,
sale, transfer, assignment,  pledge, encumbrance,  attachment, or garnishment by
creditors.  Any  insurance  on the  Director's  life is a  general  asset of the
Company to which the  Director  and  beneficiary  have no  preferred  or secured
claim.

8.8 Entire  Agreement.  This Agreement  constitutes the entire agreement between
the Company and the  Director as to the  subject  matter  hereof.  No rights are
granted  to  the  Director  by  virtue  of  this  Agreement   other  than  those
specifically set forth herein.

8.9  Administration.  The  Company  shall have  powers  which are  necessary  to
administer this Agreement, including but not limited to:

(a)      Interpreting the provisions of the Agreement;

(b)      Establishing and revising the method of accounting for the Agreement;

(c)      Maintaining a record of benefit payments; and

(d)      Establishing rules and prescribing  any forms necessary or desirable to
         administer the Agreement.
<PAGE>

8.10  Named  Fiduciary.  The  Company  shall  be the  named  fiduciary  and plan
administrator  under the Agreement.  The named  fiduciary may delegate to others
certain  aspects of the  management and operation  responsibilities  of the plan
including the Service of advisors and the  delegation of  ministerial  duties to
qualified individuals.

8.11 Recovery of Estate Taxes. If the Director's gross estate for federal estate
tax purposes  includes any amount  determined  by reference to and on account of
this Agreement, and if the beneficiary is other than the Director's estate, then
the  Director's  estate  shall be  entitled  to  recover  from  the  beneficiary
receiving  such benefit under the terms of this Agreement an amount by which the
total estate tax due by the Director's estate exceeds the total estate tax which
would have been  payable if the value of such  benefit had not been  included in
the  Director's  gross estate.  If there is more than one person  receiving such
benefit,  the right of recovery shall be against each such person.  In the event
the  beneficiary  has a liability  hereunder,  the  beneficiary may petition the
Company  for a lump sum  payment in an amount  not to exceed  the  beneficiary's
liability hereunder.


IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  the Director and a duly  authorized  Company  officer have
signed this Agreement.

DIRECTOR:                                           COMPANY:

                                                    THE OHIO VALLEY BANK COMPANY

/s/ Brent A. Saunders                               By:  /s/ Jeffrey E. Smith
---------------------                               -------------------------
Brent A. Saunders
                                                    Title:  President and CEO

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
