<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.5
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>exhibit10-5.txt
<DESCRIPTION>SALARY CONTINUATION PLAN
<TEXT>
                                  EXHIBIT 10.5

                          THE OHIO VALLEY BANK COMPANY
                          SALARY CONTINUATION AGREEMENT


THIS AGREEMENT is adopted this 2nd day of January, 1997, by and between THE OHIO
VALLEY BANK COMPANY, located in Gallipolis, Ohio (the "Company"), and JEFFREY E.
SMITH (the "Executive").


                                  INTRODUCTION

To encourage the Executive to remain an employee of the Company,  the Company is
willing to provide salary  continuation  benefits to the Executive.  The Company
will pay the benefits from its general assets.

                                    AGREEMENT

The Company and the Executive agree as follows:

                                    Article 1
                                   Definitions

Whenever used in this Agreement,  the following words and phrases shall have the
meanings specified:

1.1 "Code" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

1.2 "Disability" means the Executive's suffering a sickness,  accident or injury
which has been  determined by the carrier of any individual or group  disability
insurance   policy   covering  the   Executive,   or  by  the  Social   Security
Administration,   to  be  a  disability  rendering  the  Executive  totally  and
permanently  disabled.  The  Executive  must submit  proof to the Company of the
carrier's or Social Security Administration's  determination upon the request of
the Company.

1.3 "Early  Retirement Date" means the Executive  attaining age 60 or completing
20 Years of Service.

1.4 "Effective Date" means January 2, 1997.

1.5 "Involuntary Early  Termination"  means that the Executive,  prior to Normal
Retirement Age, has been notified in writing that employment with the Company is
terminated for reasons other than an approved leave of absence,  Termination for
Cause or Disability.

1.6 "Normal Retirement Age" means the Executive's 65th birthday.

<PAGE>

1.7 "Normal  Retirement  Date" means the later of the Normal  Retirement  Age or
Termination of Employment.

1.8 "Plan Year" means a twelve-month  period  commencing on January 1 and ending
on  December  31 of each  year.  The  initial  Plan Year shall  commence  on the
effective date of this Agreement.

1.9 "Termination for Cause" See Article 5.

1.10  "Termination of Employment" means that the Executive ceases to be employed
by the Company for any reason, voluntary or involuntary, other than by reason of
a leave of absence approved by the Company.

1.11 "Years of Service"  means the total number of  twelve-month  periods during
which the Executive is employed on a full-time  basis by the Company,  including
any approved leaves of absence.

                                    Article 2
                                Lifetime Benefits

2.1 Normal  Retirement  Benefit.  Upon Termination of Employment on or after the
Normal Retirement Age for reasons other than death, the Company shall pay to the
Executive the benefit described in this Section 2.1 in lieu of any other benefit
under this Agreement.

2.1.1  Amount of Benefit. The annual benefit under this Section 2.1  is $117,100
       (One Hundred Seventeen Thousand One Hundred Dollars).

2.1.2  Payment of Benefit. The  Company  shall  pay  the annual  benefit  to the
       Executive  in 12 equal  monthly  installments  commencing  with the month
       following the  Executive's  Normal  Retirement  Date.  The annual benefit
       shall be paid to the Executive for a period of 20 years.

2.2 Early Retirement Benefit. If the Executive  terminates  employment after the
Early  Retirement  Date but before the Normal  Retirement  Date and for  reasons
other than death, Disability or Involuntary Early Termination, the Company shall
pay to the  Executive  the benefit  described in this Section 2.2 in lieu of any
other benefit under this Agreement.

2.2.1  Amount of Benefit. The  benefit  under  this  Section  2.2 is  th  dollar
       amount equal to the  liability  then accrued on the books of the Company,
       which  shall be  reported  to the  Executive  on an  annual  basis by the
       Company.  This  benefit is  determined  by  calculating  a 20-year  fixed
       annuity  from the  accrued  liability,  crediting  interest on the unpaid
       balance at an annual rate of 7.5 percent, compounded monthly.

<PAGE>

2.2.2  Payment of Benefit. The  Company  shall  pay  the  annual  benefit to the
       Executive  in 12 equal  monthly  installments  commencing  with the month
       following the Normal  Retirement Age. The annual benefit shall be paid to
       the Executive for a period of 20 years.

2.3 Disability Benefit. If the Executive terminates employment due to Disability
prior to the Normal  Retirement Date, the Company shall pay to the Executive the
benefit  described in this Section 2.3 in lieu of any other  benefit  under this
Agreement.

2.3.1  Amount of Benefit. The  benefit  under  this  Section  2.3 is  the dollar
       amount equal to the  liability  then accrued on the books of the Company,
       which  shall be  reported  to the  Executive  on an  annual  basis by the
       Company.  This  benefit is  determined  by  calculating  a 20-year  fixed
       annuity  from the  accrued  liability,  crediting  interest on the unpaid
       balance at an annual rate of 7.5 percent, compounded monthly.

2.3.2  Payment of Benefit. The  Company  shall pay  the  annual  benefit  to the
       Executive  in 12 equal  monthly  installments  commencing  with the month
       following the Termination of Employment. The annual benefit shall be paid
       to the Executive for a period of 20 years.

2.4 Involuntary  Early  Termination.  Upon Involuntary  Early  Termination,  the
Company shall pay to the Executive the benefit  described in this Section 2.4 in
lieu of any other benefit under this Agreement.

2.4.1  Amount of Benefit. The benefit under this Section 2.4 is  the Involuntary
       Early  Termination  Annual  Benefit  set forth in Schedule A for the Plan
       Year  ending  immediately  prior  to the  date in  which  Termination  of
       Employment  occurs (except during the first Plan Year, the benefit is the
       amount set forth for Plan Year 1). This benefit is  determined by vesting
       the Executive in 100 percent of the Accrual Balance.  Any increase in the
       annual benefit under Section 2.1.1 would require the recalculation of the
       Involuntary  Early  Termination  benefit on Schedule  A. This  benefit is
       determined  by  calculating  a 20-year  fixed  annuity  from the  Accrual
       Balance,  crediting  interest on the unpaid  balance at an annual rate of
       7.5 percent, compounded monthly.

2.4.2  Payment of Benefit. The  Company  shall  pay  the  annual  benefit to the
       Executive  in 12 equal  monthly  installments  commencing  with the month
       following the Termination of Employment. The annual benefit shall be paid
       to the Executive for a period of 20 years.

                                    Article 3
                                 Death Benefits

3.1 Death  During  Active  Service.  If the  Executive  dies while in the active
service of the Company, the Company shall pay to the Executive's beneficiary the
benefit described in this Section 3.1. This benefit shall be paid in lieu of the
benefits under Article 2.

<PAGE>

3.1.1  Amount of Benefit. The  annual  benefit  under  this  Section  3.1 is the
       Normal Retirement Benefit amount described in Section 2.1.1.

3.1.2  Payment of Benefit. The  Company  shall  pay  the annual  benefit  to the
       Executive's  beneficiary in 12 equal monthly installments commencing with
       the month  following the Executive's  death.  The annual benefit shall be
       paid to the Executive's beneficiary for a period of 20 years.

3.2 Death During Payment of a Lifetime Benefit.  If the Executive dies after any
Lifetime  Benefit  payments  have  commenced  under  this  Agreement  but before
receiving all such payments, the Company shall pay the remaining benefits to the
Executive's beneficiary at the same time and in the same amounts they would have
been paid to the Executive had the Executive survived.

3.3 Death  After  Termination  of  Employment  But Before  Payment of a Lifetime
Benefit Commences. If the Executive is entitled to a Lifetime Benefit under this
Agreement,  but dies prior to the  commencement  of said benefit  payments,  the
Company shall pay the same benefit payments to the Executive's  beneficiary that
the  Executive  was entitled to prior to death except that the benefit  payments
shall  commence  on the  first  day of  the  month  following  the  date  of the
Executive's death.

                                    Article 4
                                  Beneficiaries

4.1  Beneficiary  Designations.  The Executive  shall designate a beneficiary by
filing a written  designation  with the  Company.  The  Executive  may revoke or
modify  the  designation  at any  time by  filing  a new  designation.  However,
designations  will only be effective if signed by the  Executive and received by
the  Company  during  the  Executive's  lifetime.  The  Executive's  beneficiary
designation shall be deemed automatically revoked if the beneficiary predeceases
the  Executive,  or if the  Executive  names a  spouse  as  beneficiary  and the
marriage  is  subsequently  dissolved.  If the  Executive  dies  without a valid
beneficiary designation, all payments shall be made to the Executive's estate.

4.2  Facility  of  Payment.  If a benefit  is  payable  to a minor,  to a person
declared  incompetent,  or to a person  incapable of handling the disposition of
his or her  property,  the Company may pay such benefit to the  guardian,  legal
representative  or person having the care or custody of such minor,  incompetent
person or  incapable  person.  The Company may  require  proof of  incompetence,
minority or guardianship as it may deem appropriate prior to distribution of the
benefit.  Such  distribution  shall  completely  discharge  the Company from all
liability with respect to such benefit.

<PAGE>

                                    Article 5
                               General Limitations

5.1  Termination for Cause.  Notwithstanding  any provision of this Agreement to
the contrary,  the Company shall not pay any benefit under this Agreement if the
Company terminates the Executive's employment for:

(a)  Gross negligence or gross neglect of duties;
(b)  Commission of a felony or of a gross misdemeanor involving moral turpitude;
     or
(c)  Fraud,  disloyalty,   dishonesty  or  willful   violation  of  any  law  or
     significant  Company policy  committed in connection  with the  Executive's
     employment and resulting in an adverse effect on the Company.

5.2  Confidentiality.  The  Executive  shall not disclose  any trade  secrets or
confidential  information  of any kind,  type or  description.  In the event the
Executive does disclose said  information,  such disclosure  shall  constitute a
breach of this Agreement and compensation shall cease immediately

5.3 Non-Compete.  The Executive  agrees,  during the term of this Agreement,  he
will not accept  employment  with any bank,  financial  or lending  organization
which is in competition  directly or indirectly  with the Company.  In the event
the Executive  does accept such  employment,  this agreement  shall  immediately
terminate.

5.4 Suicide or  Misstatement.  The Company  shall not pay any benefit under this
Agreement if the Executive  commits suicide within three years after the date of
this  Agreement.  In addition,  the Company shall not pay any benefit under this
Agreement  if the  Executive  has made any material  misstatement  of fact on an
employment  application or resume provided to the Company, or on any application
for any benefits provided by the Company to the Executive.

                                    Article 6
                          Claims and Review Procedures

6.1 Claims  Procedure.  An Executive  or  beneficiary  ("claimant")  who has not
received  benefits  under the Agreement  that he or she believes  should be paid
shall make a claim for such benefits as follows:

6.1.1  Initiation - Written Claim. The claimant initiates a claim by  submitting
       to the Company a written claim for the benefits.

6.1.2  Timing of Company Response. The  Company  shall  respond to such claimant
       within 90 days after receiving the claim. If the Company  determines that
       special  circumstances  require additional time for processing the claim,
       the Company can extend the response  period by an  additional  90 days by
       notifying the claimant in writing, prior to the end of the initial 90-day
       period,  that an additional  period is required.  The notice of extension
       must set  forth  the  special  circumstances  and the  date by which  the
       Company expects to render its decision.

<PAGE>

6.1.3 Notice of Decision. If  the  Company denies  part or all of the claim, the
       Company shall notify the claimant in writing of such denial.  The Company
       shall write the  notification in a manner  calculated to be understood by
       the claimant. The notification shall set forth:

       (a) The specific reasons for the denial;
       (b) A reference  to the specific provisions of the Agreement on which the
           denial is based;
       (c) A description  of any  additional  information or material  necessary
           for the claimant to perfect the claim and an explanation of why it is
           needed;
       (d) An  explanation  of  the  Agreement's  review procedures and the time
           limits applicable to such procedures; and
       (e) A statement  of  the  claimant's  right to bring a civil action under
           ERISA Section  502(a)  following  an adverse benefit determination on
           review.

6.2 Review  Procedure.  If the  Company  denies  part or all of the  claim,  the
claimant shall have the opportunity for a full and fair review by the Company of
the denial, as follows:

6.2.1  Initiation - Written Request.To initiate the review, the claimant, within
       60 days after  receiving the Company's  notice of denial,  must file with
       the Company a written request for review.

6.2.2  Additional Submissions - Information Access. The claimant shall then have
       the opportunity to submit written comments,  documents, records and other
       information  relating to the claim.  The Company  shall also  provide the
       claimant,  upon  request  and free of charge,  reasonable  access to, and
       copies of, all  documents,  records and other  information  relevant  (as
       defined in applicable  ERISA  regulations)  to the  claimant's  claim for
       benefits.

6.2.3  Considerations  on  Review. In  considering the review, the Company shall
       take into account all  materials  and  information  the claimant  submits
       relating to the claim,  without  regard to whether such  information  was
       submitted or considered in the initial benefit determination.

6.2.4  Timing of Company Response. The Company shall  respond in writing to such
       claimant  within 60 days after  receiving the request for review.  If the
       Company determines that special circumstances require additional time for
       processing  the claim,  the Company can extend the response  period by an
       additional 60 days by notifying the claimant in writing, prior to the end
       of the initial 60-day period, that an additional period is required.  The
       notice of extension must set forth the special circumstances and the date
       by which the Company expects to render its decision.

6.2.5  Notice of Decision. The  Company  shall notify the claimant in writing of
       its decision on review. The Company shall write the notification in a

<PAGE>

       manner calculated to be understood by the claimant.The notification shall
       set forth:

       (a) The specific reasons for the denial;
       (b) A reference  to the specific provisions of the Agreement on which the
           denial is based;
       (c) A statement that the claimant is entitled to receive,upon request and
           free of charge,  reasonable  access to, and copies of, all documents,
           records and other  information  relevant  (as  defined in  applicable
           ERISA regulations) to the claimant's claim for benefits; and
       (d) A  statement  of the  claimant's  right to bring a civil action under
           ERISA Section 502(a).

                                   Article 7
                           Amendments and Termination

The  Company  may amend or  terminate  this  Agreement  at any time prior to the
Executive's  Termination of Employment by written notice to the Executive. In no
event shall this  Agreement  be  terminated  without the  Executive  immediately
becoming 100 percent vested in the Accrual Balance at the time of termination.

                                    Article 8
                                  Miscellaneous

8.1 Binding Effect. This Agreement shall bind the Executive and the Company, and
their  beneficiaries,   survivors,  executors,  successors,  administrators  and
transferees.

8.2 No Guarantee of Employment.  This  Agreement is not an employment  policy or
contract.  It does not give the Executive the right to remain an employee of the
Company,  nor does it  interfere  with the  Company's  right  to  discharge  the
Executive.  It also does not require  the  Executive  to remain an employee  nor
interfere with the Executive's right to terminate employment at any time.

8.3   Non-Transferability.   Benefits  under  this  Agreement  cannot  be  sold,
transferred, assigned, pledged, attached or encumbered in any manner.

8.4  Reorganization.  The Company  shall not merge or  consolidate  into or with
another  company,  or  reorganize,  or sell  substantially  all of its assets to
another company,  firm, or person unless such succeeding or continuing  company,
firm, or person agrees to assume and  discharge the  obligations  of the Company
under this Agreement.  Upon the occurrence of such event,  the term "Company" as
used in this  Agreement  shall be deemed to refer to the  successor  or survivor
company.

8.5 Tax  Withholding.  The Company shall withhold any taxes that are required to
be withheld from the benefits provided under this Agreement.

<PAGE>

8.6 Applicable Law. The Agreement and all rights  hereunder shall be governed by
the laws of the State of Ohio, except to the extent preempted by the laws of the
United States of America.

8.7 Unfunded  Arrangement.  The Executive and beneficiary are general  unsecured
creditors of the Company for the payment of benefits under this  Agreement.  The
benefits  represent  the mere promise by the Company to pay such  benefits.  The
rights to benefits  are not subject in any manner to  anticipation,  alienation,
sale, transfer, assignment,  pledge, encumbrance,  attachment, or garnishment by
creditors.  Any  insurance  on the  Executive's  life is a general  asset of the
Company to which the  Executive  and  beneficiary  have no  preferred or secured
claim.

8.8 Entire  Agreement.  This Agreement  constitutes the entire agreement between
the Company and the  Executive as to the subject  matter  hereof.  No rights are
granted  to  the  Executive  by  virtue  of  this  Agreement  other  than  those
specifically set forth herein.

8.9  Administration.  The  Company  shall have  powers  which are  necessary  to
administer this Agreement, including but not limited to:

(a) Establishing and revising the method of accounting for the Agreement;
(b) Maintaining a record of benefit payments;
(c) Establishing  rules  and  prescribing  any  forms  necessary or desirable to
    administer the Agreement; and
(d) Interpreting the provisions of the Agreement.

8.10  Named  Fiduciary.  The  Company  shall  be the  named  fiduciary  and plan
administrator under this Agreement. It may delegate to others certain aspects of
the  management  and  operational  responsibilities  including the employment of
advisors and the delegation of ministerial duties to qualified individuals.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Executive and the Company have signed this Agreement.

EXECUTIVE:                                          COMPANY:

                                                    THE OHIO VALLEY BANK COMPANY

/s/ Jeffrey E. Smith                                 By:  /s/ James L. Dailey
--------------------                                 ------------------------
Jeffrey E. Smith
                                                     Title:  Chairman and CEO



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
