<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>p16846_ex10-4.txt
<DESCRIPTION>REGISTRATIONS RIGHTS AGREEMENT
<TEXT>

                                                                    EXHIBIT 10.4


                          REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT


     REGISTRATION  RIGHTS  AGREEMENT (this  "Agreement"),  dated as of March 19,
2003, by and among The 3DO Company,  a Delaware  corporation,  with headquarters
located at 200 Cardinal Way Redwood City, California 94063 (the "Company"),  and
IIG  Capital  LLC,  as agent for the IIG Trade  Opportunities  Fund,  N.V.  (the
"Buyer").

     WHEREAS:

     A. In  connection  with the Loan and  Security  Agreement  by and among the
parties  hereto of even date  herewith (the "Loan  Agreement"),  the Company has
agreed to issue  Buyer a  warrant  (the  "Warrant")  to  purchase  shares of the
Company's common stock, par value $0.01 per share (the "Common Stock");

     B. To  induce  the  Buyer to  execute  and  deliver  the Loan and  Security
Agreement,  the Company has agreed to provide certain  registration rights under
the  Securities  Act  of  1933,  as  amended,  and  the  rules  and  regulations
thereunder, or any similar successor statute (collectively, the "1933 Act"), and
applicable state securities laws.

     NOW,  THEREFORE,  in consideration of the premises and the mutual covenants
contained  herein and other good and  valuable  consideration,  the  receipt and
sufficiency of which are hereby  acknowledged,  the Company and the Buyer hereby
agrees as follows:

     1. DEFINITIONS.

         As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following
meanings:

         a. "Investor"  means Buyer,  any transferee or assignee thereof to whom
Buyer assigns its rights under this  Agreement and who agrees to become bound by
the provisions of this Agreement in accordance with Section 9 and any transferee
or assignee  thereof to whom a transferee  or assignee  assigns its rights under
this  Agreement  and who  agrees  to  become  bound  by the  provisions  of this
Agreement in accordance with Section 9.

         b.  "Person"  means an  individual,  a  limited  liability  company,  a
partnership,  a  joint  venture,  a  corporation,  a  trust,  an  unincorporated
organization and a governmental or any department or agency thereof.

         c. "Register," "registered," and "registration" refer to a registration
effected by preparing and filing one or more Registration Statements (as defined
below) in  compliance  with the 1933 Act and pursuant to Rule 415 under the 1933
Act or any successor rule  providing for offering  securities on a continuous or
delayed basis ("Rule 415"), and the declaration or ordering of


<PAGE>

effectiveness of such Registration  Statement(s) by the United States Securities
and Exchange Commission (the "SEC").

         d. "Registrable  Securities" means the shares of Common Stock issued or
issuable upon exercise of the Warrant (and any shares of capital stock issued or
issuable with respect to the Common Stock as a result of any stock split,  stock
dividend, recapitalization, exchange or similar event or otherwise.)

         e.   "Registration   Statement"  means  a  registration   statement  or
registration  statements  of the Company  filed under the 1933 Act  covering the
Registrable Securities.

Capitalized  terms used herein and not otherwise  defined  herein shall have the
respective meanings set forth in the Loan Agreement.

     2. REGISTRATION.

         a. Mandatory  Registration.  The Company shall prepare, and, as soon as
practicable  but in no event  later than 20 days after the date that Buyer first
provides an Advance to the Company (the "Filing Deadline"),  file with the SEC a
Registration Statement on Form S-3 covering the resale of all of the Registrable
Securities.  In the event that Form S-3 is unavailable  for such a registration,
the Company shall use such other form as is available  for such a  registration,
subject  to the  provisions  of  Section  2(b) and  shall  contain  the "Plan of
Distribution" attached hereto as Annex A. The Company shall use its best efforts
to have the  Registration  Statement  declared  effective  by the SEC as soon as
practicable prior to the 90th day following the Closing Date (the "Effectiveness
Date");  provided,  however,  the  Effectiveness  Date  shall be the  120th  day
following  the  Closing  Date if the SEC reviews  and  provides  comments on the
Registration Statement.

         b.  Ineligibility  for Form  S-3.  In the  event  that  Form S-3 is not
available  for  the  registration  of  the  resale  of  Registrable   Securities
hereunder,  the  Company  shall  (i)  register  the  resale  of the  Registrable
Securities on another appropriate form reasonably acceptable to the holder of at
least a majority of the  Registrable  Securities  and (ii) undertake to register
the  Registrable  Securities  on Form  S-3 as soon  as such  form is  available,
provided that in each such event,  the Company shall maintain the  effectiveness
of the  Registration  Statement then in effect until such time as a Registration
Statement on Form S-3  covering the  Registrable  Securities  has been  declared
effective by the SEC.

     3. RELATED OBLIGATIONS.

         At such  time  as the  Company  is  obligated  to  file a  Registration
Statement  with the SEC pursuant to Section 2(a),  the Company will use its best
efforts to effect the  registration of the Registrable  Securities in accordance
with the intended  method of  disposition  thereof and,  pursuant  thereto,  the
Company shall have the following obligations:

         a.  The  Company  shall  promptly  prepare  and  file  with  the  SEC a
Registration  Statement  with respect to the applicable  Registrable  Securities
(but in no event later than the  applicable  Filing  Deadline)  and use its best
efforts  to  cause  such  Registration  Statement  relating  to the  Registrable
Securities to become effective as soon as practicable after such filing prior to
the


                                      -2-

<PAGE>

Effectiveness Date. The Company shall keep each Registration Statement effective
pursuant  to Rule 415 at all times until the earlier of (i) the date as of which
the  Investors  may  sell  all of the  Registrable  Securities  covered  by such
Registration Statement without restriction pursuant to Rule 144(k) (or successor
thereto)  promulgated under the 1933 Act or (ii) the date on which the Investors
shall have sold all the  Registrable  Securities  covered  by such  Registration
Statement (the "Registration  Period"),  which Registration Statement (including
any amendments or supplements thereto and prospectuses  contained therein) shall
not contain any untrue  statement of a material fact or omit to state a material
fact required to be stated therein, or necessary to make the statements therein,
in light of the circumstances in which they were made, not misleading.  The term
"best efforts" shall mean, among other things,  that the Company shall submit to
the SEC, within two (2) business days after the Company learns that no review of
a particular Registration Statement will be made by the staff of the SEC or that
the staff has no further comments on the Registration Statement, as the case may
be, a request for acceleration of effectiveness of such  Registration  Statement
to a time and date not later than 48 hours after the submission of such request.

         b. The  Company  shall  prepare  and file with the SEC such  amendments
(including   post-effective   amendments)  and  supplements  to  a  Registration
Statement  and  the  prospectus  used  in  connection  with  such   Registration
Statement,  which  prospectus  is to be filed  pursuant to Rule 424  promulgated
under the 1933 Act,  as may be  necessary  to keep such  Registration  Statement
effective at all times during the Registration  Period, and, during such period,
comply with the  provisions of the 1933 Act with respect to the  disposition  of
all Registrable Securities of the Company covered by such Registration Statement
until such time as all of such  Registrable  Securities shall have been disposed
of in  accordance  with the  intended  methods of  disposition  by the seller or
sellers  thereof  as set forth in such  Registration  Statement.  In the case of
amendments and supplements to a Registration  Statement which are required to be
filed  pursuant to this Agreement  (including  pursuant to this Section 3(b)) by
reason of the Company filing a report on Form 10-K, Form 10-Q or Form 8-K or any
analogous  report under the  Securities  Exchange  Act of 1934,  as amended (the
"1934 Act"), the Company shall have  incorporated  such report by reference into
the  Registration  Statement,  if applicable,  or shall file such  amendments or
supplements  with the SEC on the same day on which the 1934 Act  report is filed
which  created  the  requirement  for the  Company  to amend or  supplement  the
Registration Statement.

         c.  The  Company  shall  furnish  to each  Investor  whose  Registrable
Securities  are included in any  Registration  Statement,  without  charge,  (i)
promptly after the same is prepared and filed with the SEC, at least one copy of
such Registration  Statement and any amendment(s)  thereto,  including financial
statements and schedules,  all documents incorporated therein by reference,  all
exhibits and each  preliminary  prospectus,  (ii) upon the  effectiveness of any
Registration  Statement,  ten (10)  copies of the  prospectus  included  in such
Registration Statement and all amendments and supplements thereto (or such other
number of copies as such Investor may  reasonably  request) and (iii) such other
documents,  including  copies of any  preliminary or final  prospectus,  as such
Investor may  reasonably  request from time to time in order to  facilitate  the
disposition of the Registrable Securities owned by such Investor.

         d. The Company  shall use its best efforts to (i) register and qualify,
unless an exemption from registration and qualification  applies,  the resale by
the Investors of the Registrable  Securities covered by a Registration Statement
under such other securities or "blue sky" laws of all

                                      -3-

<PAGE>

the states of the United States,  (ii) prepare and file in those  jurisdictions,
such amendments  (including  post-effective  amendments) and supplements to such
registrations   and   qualifications   as  may  be  necessary  to  maintain  the
effectiveness  thereof  during the  Registration  Period,  (iii) take such other
actions as may be necessary to maintain such registrations and qualifications in
effect at all times  during  the  Registration  Period,  and (iv) take all other
actions reasonably necessary or advisable to qualify the Registrable  Securities
for sale in such jurisdictions; provided, however, that the Company shall not be
required in connection  therewith or as a condition thereto to (x) qualify to do
business in any jurisdiction where it would not otherwise be required to qualify
but for this Section 3(d),  (y) subject  itself to general  taxation in any such
jurisdiction,  or (z) file a general  consent  to service of process in any such
jurisdiction.  The  Company  shall  promptly  notify  each  Investor  who  holds
Registrable  Securities of the receipt by the Company of any  notification  with
respect to the suspension of the  registration  or  qualification  of any of the
Registrable  Securities  for sale under the securities or "blue sky" laws of any
jurisdiction  in the  United  States  or its  receipt  of  actual  notice of the
initiation or threatening of any proceeding for such purpose.

         e. The Company  shall notify each  Investor in writing of the happening
of any event, as promptly as practicable  after becoming aware of such event, as
a result of which the prospectus included in a Registration  Statement,  as then
in effect,  includes an untrue statement of a material fact or omission to state
a  material  fact  required  to be  stated  therein  or  necessary  to make  the
statements  therein,  in light of the circumstances  under which they were made,
not  misleading  (provided  that in no  event  shall  such  notice  contain  any
material, nonpublic information), and promptly prepare a supplement or amendment
to such Registration Statement to correct such untrue statement or omission, and
deliver ten (10) copies of such  supplement  or amendment  to each  Investor (or
such  other  number of copies as such  Investor  may  reasonably  request).  The
Company  shall  also  promptly  notify  each  Investor  in  writing  (i)  when a
prospectus or any  prospectus  supplement or  post-effective  amendment has been
filed,  and when a Registration  Statement or any  post-effective  amendment has
become effective  (notification of such effectiveness shall be delivered to each
Investor by  facsimile  on the same day of such  effectiveness  and by overnight
mail),  (ii) of any  request  by the  SEC for  amendments  or  supplements  to a
Registration  Statement or related prospectus or related information,  and (iii)
of the Company's reasonable  determination that a post-effective  amendment to a
Registration Statement would be appropriate.

         f. The Company  shall use its best  efforts to prevent the  issuance of
any stop order or other suspension of effectiveness of a Registration Statement,
or the suspension of the qualification of any of the Registrable  Securities for
sale in any  jurisdiction  and,  if such an order or  suspension  is issued,  to
obtain the  withdrawal  of such order or  suspension  at the  earliest  possible
moment and to notify each Investor who holds  Registrable  Securities being sold
of the  issuance  of such order and the  resolution  thereof  or its  receipt of
actual notice of the initiation or threat of any proceeding for such purpose.

         g. The Company  shall use its best efforts  either to (i) cause all the
Registrable  Securities covered by a Registration Statement to be listed on each
securities  exchange on which  securities  of the same class or series issued by
the  Company  are  then  listed,  if any,  if the  listing  of such  Registrable
Securities is then permitted  under the rules of such  exchange,  or (ii) secure
designation  and  quotation  of all the  Registrable  Securities  covered by the
Registration  Statement on the Nasdaq National Market,  or (iii) if, despite the
Company's best efforts to satisfy the preceding  clause (i) or (ii), the Company
is unsuccessful in satisfying the preceding

                                      -4-

<PAGE>

clause (i) or (ii), to secure the inclusion for quotation on The Nasdaq SmallCap
Market  for such  Registrable  Securities.  The  Company  shall pay all fees and
expenses in connection with satisfying its obligation under this Section 3(g).

         h. The Company shall cooperate with the Investors who hold  Registrable
Securities  being offered and, to the extent  applicable,  facilitate the timely
preparation  and delivery of certificates  (not bearing any restrictive  legend)
representing the Registrable Securities to be offered pursuant to a Registration
Statement and enable such  certificates to be in such  denominations or amounts,
as the case may be, as the Investors may  reasonably  request and  registered in
such names as the Investors may request.

         i. The Company shall provide a transfer agent and registrar of all such
Registrable  Securities  not later  than the  effective  date of the  applicable
Registration Statement.

         j. If  requested  by an  Investor,  the  Company  shall  (i) as soon as
practicable  incorporate in a prospectus supplement or post-effective  amendment
such information as an Investor  requests to be included therein relating to the
sale and distribution of Registrable Securities,  including, without limitation,
information  with respect to the number of Registrable  Securities being offered
or sold,  the  purchase  price  being paid  therefor  and any other terms of the
offering of the Registrable Securities to be sold in such offering; (ii) as soon
as  practicable  make all  required  filings of such  prospectus  supplement  or
post-effective  amendment after being notified of the matters to be incorporated
in such prospectus supplement or post-effective  amendment; and (iii) as soon as
practicable,  supplement  or make  amendments to any  Registration  Statement if
reasonably requested by an Investor of such Registrable Securities.

         k. Within two (2) business days after a  Registration  Statement  which
covers  applicable  Registrable  Securities is ordered effective by the SEC, the
Company shall deliver to Investors confirmation that such Registration Statement
has been declared effective by the SEC.

     l.  Notwithstanding  anything to the contrary in Section  3(e), at any time
after the applicable  Registration  Statement has been declared effective by the
SEC, the Company may delay the  disclosure  of material  non-public  information
concerning  the Company the  disclosure of which at the time is not, in the good
faith  opinion of the Board of Directors of the Company and its counsel,  in the
best  interest  of the Company  and,  in the opinion of counsel to the  Company,
otherwise required (a "Grace Period"); provided, that the Company shall promptly
(i) notify the  Investors  in writing of the  existence  of material  non-public
information  giving  rise to a Grace  Period  (provided  that in each notice the
Company will not disclose the content of such material non-public information to
the  Investors)  and the date on which the Grace  Period  will  begin,  and (ii)
notify the Investors in writing of the date on which the Grace Period ends; and,
provided  further,  that no Grace Period shall  exceed 15  consecutive  days and
during any 365 day period such Grace Periods shall not exceed an aggregate of 30
days and the first day of any Grace  Period  must be at least two  trading  days
after the last day of any prior Grace Period (an "Allowable Grace Period").  For
purposes of  determining  the length of a Grace Period  above,  the Grace Period
shall begin on and include the date the holders  receive the notice  referred to
in clause  (i) and shall end on and  include  the later of the date the  holders
receive the notice  referred to in clause (ii) and the date  referred to in such
notice.

                                      -5-

<PAGE>

The  provisions of 3(f) hereof shall not be applicable  during the period of any
Allowable Grace Period.  Upon expiration of the Grace Period,  the Company shall
again be bound by the  first  sentence  of  Section  3(e)  with  respect  to the
information  giving rise to such Grace Period  unless such  material  non-public
information is no longer applicable.

     4. OBLIGATIONS OF THE INVESTORS.

         a. Not  less  than two days  prior to the  filing  of the  Registration
Statement or any related Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto,  the
Company shall furnish to the Investors copies of the  Registration  Statement to
be filed.  The Company  shall not file the  Registration  Statement  or any such
Prospectus  or any  amendments or  supplements  thereto to which the Buyer shall
reasonably  object in good  faith or for which  Buyer  shall have  notified  the
Company or its counsel that the information for Buyer is not correct.

         b. Each  Investor,  by such  Investor's  acceptance of the  Registrable
Securities,  agrees to cooperate with the Company as reasonably requested by the
Company  in  connection  with the  preparation  and  filing of any  Registration
Statement hereunder, unless such Investor has notified the Company in writing of
such  Investor's  election  to  exclude  all  of  such  Investor's   Registrable
Securities from such Registration Statement.

         c. Each  Investor  agrees  that,  upon  receipt of any notice  from the
Company of the  happening of any event of the kind  described in Section 3(f) or
the  first  sentence  of  3(e),  such  Investor  will  immediately   discontinue
disposition of Registrable Securities pursuant to any Registration  Statement(s)
covering such Registrable Securities until such Investor's receipt of the copies
of the  supplemented or amended  prospectus  contemplated by Section 3(f) or the
first  sentence of 3(e) or receipt of notice that no  supplement or amendment is
required.

     5. EXPENSES OF REGISTRATION.

         All  reasonable  expenses,   other  than  underwriting   discounts  and
commissions,   incurred   in   connection   with   registrations,   filings   or
qualifications pursuant to Sections 2 and 3, including,  without limitation, all
registration, listing and qualifications fees, printers and accounting fees, and
fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company shall be paid by the Company.

     6. INDEMNIFICATION.

         In the event any Registrable  Securities are included in a Registration
Statement under this Agreement:

         a. To the fullest extent permitted by law, the Company will, and hereby
does,  indemnify,  hold  harmless  and  defend  each  Investor,  the  directors,
officers, partners,  employees, agents,  representatives of, and each Person, if
any, who  controls  any  Investor  within the meaning of the 1933 Act and of the
1934 Act (each, an "Indemnified Person"),  against any losses, claims,  damages,
liabilities,  judgments, fines, penalties, charges, costs, reasonable attorneys'
fees, amounts paid in settlement or expenses,  joint or several,  (collectively,
"Claims") incurred in investigating,  preparing or defending any action,  claim,
suit, inquiry,  proceeding,  investigation or appeal taken from the foregoing by
or before any court or governmental, administrative or other regulatory


                                       -6-

<PAGE>

agency,  body or the SEC,  whether  pending  or  threatened,  whether  or not an
indemnified party is or may be a party thereto ("Indemnified Damages"), to which
any  of  them  may  become  subject  insofar  as  such  Claims  (or  actions  or
proceedings,  whether commenced or threatened,  in respect thereof) arise out of
or are based upon:  (i) any untrue  statement or alleged  untrue  statement of a
material  fact  in a  Registration  Statement  or any  post-effective  amendment
thereto  or in any  filing  made in  connection  with the  qualification  of the
offering  under the securities or other "blue sky" laws of any  jurisdiction  in
which Registrable Securities are offered ("Blue Sky Filing"), or the omission or
alleged  omission  to state a material  fact  required  to be stated  therein or
necessary  to make the  statements  therein  not  misleading,  (ii)  any  untrue
statement  or alleged  untrue  statement  of a material  fact  contained  in any
preliminary  prospectus if used prior to the effective date of such Registration
Statement, or contained in the final prospectus (as amended or supplemented,  if
the Company files any amendment  thereof or supplement  thereto with the SEC) or
the omission or alleged omission to state therein any material fact necessary to
make the statements made therein,  in light of the circumstances under which the
statements  therein were made,  not  misleading,  (iii) any violation or alleged
violation  by the  Company  of the  1933  Act,  the 1934  Act,  any  other  law,
including,  without  limitation,  any  state  securities  law,  or any  rule  or
regulation  thereunder  relating  to  the  offer  or  sale  of  the  Registrable
Securities  pursuant to a Registration  Statement or (iv) any material violation
of this Agreement (the matters in the foregoing  clauses (i) through (iv) being,
collectively,   "Violations").  Subject  to  Section  6(c),  the  Company  shall
reimburse the  Indemnified  Persons,  promptly as such expenses are incurred and
are due and payable, for any legal fees or other reasonable expenses incurred by
them  in   connection   with   investigating   or  defending   any  such  Claim.
Notwithstanding  anything to the contrary contained herein, the  indemnification
agreement  contained in this Section 6(a):  (i) shall not apply to a Claim by an
Indemnified  Person  arising  out of or based upon a Violation  which  occurs in
reliance upon and in  conformity  with  information  furnished in writing to the
Company by such Indemnified Person for such Indemnified Person expressly for use
in connection  with the  preparation of the  Registration  Statement or any such
amendment  thereof or supplement  thereto,  if such  prospectus  was timely made
available by the Company  pursuant to Section 3(c),  and if such new  prospectus
will have cured the defect giving rise to such Claims;  (ii) with respect to any
preliminary  prospectus,  shall not inure to the benefit of any such person from
whom the person  asserting any such Claim purchased the  Registrable  Securities
that are the subject thereof (or to the benefit of any person  controlling  such
person) if the untrue  statement or omission of material  fact  contained in the
preliminary  prospectus  was  corrected  in the  prospectus,  as then amended or
supplemented,  if such  prospectus  was timely  made  available  by the  Company
pursuant to Section 3(c),  and the  Indemnified  Person was promptly  advised in
writing not to use the  incorrect  prospectus  prior to the use giving rise to a
violation and such Indemnified Person, notwithstanding such advice, used it; and
(iii) shall not be  available  to the extent such Claim is based on a failure of
the  Investor  to  deliver  or to  cause to be  delivered  the  prospectus  made
available by the Company,  if such  prospectus  was timely made available by the
Company  pursuant to Section 3(d) and if such new prospectus will have cured the
defect  giving  rise to such  Claims;  (iv) shall not apply to  amounts  paid in
settlement of any Claim if such settlement is effected without the prior written
consent of the Company, which consent shall not be unreasonably  withheld.  Such
indemnity shall remain in full force and effect  regardless of any investigation
made by or on behalf of the Indemnified Person and shall survive the transfer of
the Registrable Securities by the Investors pursuant to Section 9.

         b. In connection with any  Registration  Statement in which an Investor
is  participating,  each such  Investor  agrees  to  severally  and not  jointly
indemnify, hold harmless and

                                       -7-

<PAGE>

defend,  to the same  extent  and in the same  manner as is set forth in Section
6(a),  the Company,  each of its  directors,  each of its officers who signs the
Registration  Statement each Person, if any, who controls the Company within the
meaning of the 1933 Act or the 1934 Act (each an "Indemnified  Party"),  against
any Claim or Indemnified Damages to which any of them may become subject,  under
the 1933 Act, the 1934 Act or  otherwise,  insofar as such Claim or  Indemnified
Damages  arise  out of or are  based  upon any  Violation,  in each  case to the
extent, and only to the extent,  that such Violation occurs in reliance upon and
in conformity with written information furnished to the Company by such Investor
expressly for use in connection with such Registration  Statement;  and, subject
to Section  6(c),  such  Investor  will  reimburse  any legal or other  expenses
reasonably  incurred by an Indemnified Party in connection with investigating or
defending  any such  Claim;  provided,  however,  that the  indemnity  agreement
contained in this Section 6(b) and the  agreement  with respect to  contribution
contained  in Section 7 shall not apply to  amounts  paid in  settlement  of any
Claim if such  settlement is effected  without the prior written consent of such
Investor;  provided,  further,  however, that the Investor shall be liable under
this Section 6(b) for only that amount of a Claim or Indemnified Damages as does
not  exceed  the net  proceeds  to such  Investor  as a  result  of the  sale of
Registrable Securities pursuant to such Registration  Statement.  Such indemnity
shall remain in full force and effect regardless of any investigation made by or
on  behalf of such  Indemnified  Party and shall  survive  the  transfer  of the
Registrable  Securities by the Investors pursuant to Section 9.  Notwithstanding
anything  to  the  contrary  contained  herein,  the  indemnification  agreement
contained in this Section 6(b) with respect to any preliminary  prospectus shall
not inure to the benefit of any  Indemnified  Party if the untrue  statement  or
omission of material fact contained in the preliminary  prospectus was corrected
on a timely basis in the prospectus, as then amended or supplemented.

         c. Promptly after receipt by an Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party
under this Section 6 of notice of the  commencement  of any action or proceeding
(including  any  governmental  action or  proceeding)  involving  a Claim,  such
Indemnified  Person or Indemnified Party shall, if a Claim in respect thereof is
to be made against any  indemnifying  party under this Section 6, deliver to the
indemnifying  party  a  written  notice  of the  commencement  thereof,  and the
indemnifying  party shall have the right to  participate  in, and, to the extent
the indemnifying  party so desires,  jointly with any other  indemnifying  party
similarly  noticed,  to assume  control  of the  defense  thereof  with  counsel
mutually  satisfactory to the indemnifying  party and the Indemnified  Person or
the  Indemnified  Party,  as  the  case  may  be;  provided,  however,  that  an
Indemnified  Person or Indemnified  Party shall have the right to retain its own
counsel  with the fees  and  expenses  of not  more  than one  counsel  for such
Indemnified  Person or Indemnified  Party to be paid by the indemnifying  party,
if, in the reasonable  opinion of counsel retained by the indemnifying  party or
the indemnified  party,  the  representation  by such counsel of the Indemnified
Person or Indemnified  Party and the  indemnifying  party would be inappropriate
due to actual or potential  differing  interests between such Indemnified Person
or  Indemnified  Party and any other party  represented  by such counsel in such
proceeding.  In the case of an Indemnified Person,  legal counsel referred to in
the immediately  preceding sentence shall be selected by the Investors holding a
majority in interest of the Registrable  Securities included in the Registration
Statement  to which the Claim  relates.  The  Indemnified  Party or  Indemnified
Person  shall  cooperate  with the  indemnifying  party in  connection  with any
negotiation or defense of any such action or Claim by the indemnifying party and
shall furnish to the indemnifying party all information  reasonably available to
the  Indemnified  Party or  Indemnified  Person which  relates to such action or
Claim.  The indemnifying  party shall keep the Indemnified  Party or Indemnified
Person apprized as to the status of the defense or any settlement


                                      -8-
<PAGE>

negotiations with respect thereto. No indemnifying party shall be liable for any
settlement of any action, claim or proceeding effected without its prior written
consent,  provided,  however, that the indemnifying party shall not unreasonably
withhold,  delay or condition its consent. No indemnifying party shall,  without
the prior  written  consent  of the  Indemnified  Party or  Indemnified  Person,
consent  to  entry  of any  judgment  or  enter  into  any  settlement  or other
compromise which does not include as an unconditional term thereof the giving by
the claimant or plaintiff to such Indemnified  Party or Indemnified  Person of a
release  from all  liability in respect to such Claim or  litigation.  Following
indemnification  as provided  for  hereunder,  the  indemnifying  party shall be
subrogated to all rights of the  Indemnified  Party or  Indemnified  Person with
respect to all third parties,  firms or corporations  relating to the matter for
which  indemnification  has been made. The failure to deliver  written notice to
the indemnifying  party within a reasonable time of the commencement of any such
action  shall  not  relieve  such  indemnifying  party of any  liability  to the
Indemnified  Person or  Indemnified  Party  under this  Section 6, except to the
extent that the  indemnifying  party is prejudiced in its ability to defend such
action.

         d. The  indemnification  required  by this  Section  6 shall be made by
periodic  payments of the amount thereof during the course of the  investigation
or defense, as and when bills are received or Indemnified Damages are incurred.

         e. The indemnity  agreements  contained  herein shall be in addition to
(i) any cause of action or similar right of the Indemnified Party or Indemnified
Person against the  indemnifying  party or others,  and (ii) any liabilities the
indemnifying party may be subject to pursuant to the law.

     7. CONTRIBUTION.

         To  the  extent  any   indemnification  by  an  indemnifying  party  is
prohibited or limited by law, the indemnifying  party agrees to make the maximum
contribution  with respect to any amounts for which it would otherwise be liable
under Section 6 to the fullest extent permitted by law; provided, however, that:
(i) no person  involved in the sale of Registrable  Securities,  which person is
guilty of fraudulent  misrepresentation  (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of
the 1933 Act) in connection  with such sale,  shall be entitled to  contribution
from any person  involved  in such sale of  Registrable  Securities  who was not
guilty of fraudulent  misrepresentation;  and (ii) contribution by any seller of
Registrable  Securities shall be limited in amount to the net amount of proceeds
received by such seller from the sale of such Registrable Securities pursuant to
such Registration Statement.

     8. REPORTS UNDER THE 1934 ACT.

         With a view to making  available to the  Investors the benefits of Rule
144  promulgated  under the 1933 Act or any other  similar rule or regulation of
the SEC that may at any time  permit the  Investors  to sell  securities  of the
Company to the public without registration ("Rule 144"), the Company agrees to:

         a.  make and keep  public  information  available,  as those  terms are
understood and defined in Rule 144;


                                      -9-
<PAGE>

         b. file with the SEC in a timely manner all reports and other documents
required  of the  Company  under  the  1933  Act and the 1934 Act so long as the
Company remains subject to such  requirements and the filing of such reports and
other documents is required for the applicable provisions of Rule 144; and

         c. furnish to each Investor so long as such  Investor owns  Registrable
Securities,  promptly upon request,  (i) a written statement by the Company that
it has complied  with the reporting  requirements  of Rule 144, the 1933 Act and
the 1934 Act, (ii) a copy of the most recent  annual or quarterly  report of the
Company and such other reports and documents so filed by the Company,  and (iii)
such other information as may be reasonably requested to permit the investors to
sell such securities pursuant to Rule 144 without registration.

     9. ASSIGNMENT OF REGISTRATION RIGHTS.

         The rights under this Agreement  shall be  automatically  assignable by
the Investors to any transferee of all or any portion of Registrable  Securities
if: (i) the Investor agrees in writing with the transferee or assignee to assign
such rights,  and a copy of such  agreement is furnished to the Company within a
reasonable time after such transfer or assignment; (ii) the Company is, within a
reasonable time after such transfer or assignment, furnished with written notice
of (a)  the  name  and  address  of such  transferee  or  assignee,  and (b) the
securities with respect to which such registration  rights are being transferred
or  assigned;  (iii) if  applicable,  immediately  following  such  transfer  or
assignment  the further  disposition  of such  securities  by the  transferee or
assignee is restricted  under the 1933 Act and applicable state securities laws;
(iv) at or before the time the Company receives the written notice  contemplated
by clause (ii) of this  sentence the  transferee  or assignee  agrees in writing
with the Company to be bound by all of the provisions  contained herein; and (v)
such transfer shall have been made in accordance with all applicable federal and
state securities law requirements. At the transferees request, the Company shall
promptly  prepare  and  file  any  required  prospectus  supplement  under  Rule
424(b)(3) of the Securities Act or other applicable  provision of the Securities
Act to  appropriately  amend  the list of  Selling  Stockholders  thereunder  to
include such transferee.

     10. AMENDMENT OF REGISTRATION RIGHTS.

         Provisions of this Agreement may be amended and the observance  thereof
may  be  waived  (either  generally  or  in a  particular  instance  and  either
retroactively  or  prospectively),  only with the written consent of the Company
and Investors who then hold two-thirds of the Registrable Securities, other than
any  amendments  to the  timing  and  length of filing  and  effectiveness  of a
Registration  Statement or the consequences for failure of the Company to timely
perform such obligations,  which require the consent of each affected  Investor.
Any  amendment or waiver  effected in  accordance  with this Section 10 shall be
binding upon each Investor and the Company. No such amendment shall be effective
to the extent that it applies to less than all of the holders of the Registrable
Securities.  No consideration shall be offered or paid to any Person to amend or
consent to a waiver or  modification  of any provision of any of this  Agreement
unless the same  consideration  also is  offered  to all of the  parties to this
Agreement.


                                      -10-
<PAGE>

     11. OTHER REGISTRATION STATEMENTS; PIGGY-BACK REGISTRATIONS.

         a.  Prior to the  eleventh  (11th)  day  after  the  Company  files the
Registration  Statement,  the Company  shall not file a  registration  statement
(including any shelf registration  statements) (other than on Form S-8) with the
Commission with respect to any securities of the Company.

         b. If at any  time  during  the  Registration  Period  there  is not an
effective  Registration Statement covering all of the Registrable Securities and
the  Company  shall  determine  to  prepare  and  file  with  the  Commission  a
registration  statement  relating  to an  offering  for its own  account  or the
account of others  under the  Securities  Act of any of its  equity  securities,
other than on Form S-4 or Form S-8 (each as  promulgated  under the 1933 Act) or
their then  equivalents  relating to equity  securities  to be issued  solely in
connection with any  acquisition of any entity or business or equity  securities
issuable in connection with stock option or other employee  benefit plans,  then
the Company shall send to each  Investor  written  notice of such  determination
and, if within  fifteen  days after  receipt of such notice,  any such  Investor
shall so request in writing,  the  Company  shall  include in such  registration
statement all or any part of such Registrable Securities such holder requests to
be  registered,  subject to customary  underwriter  cutbacks  applicable  to all
holders of registration rights.

     12. MISCELLANEOUS.

         a. A Person is deemed to be a holder of Registrable Securities whenever
such Person owns or is deemed to own of record such Registrable  Securities.  If
the Company receives conflicting instructions,  notices or elections from two or
more Persons with respect to the same Registrable Securities,  the Company shall
act upon  the  basis of  instructions,  notice  or  election  received  from the
registered owner of such Registrable Securities.

         b. Any notices,  consents,  waivers or other communications required or
permitted to be given under the terms of this  Agreement  must be in writing and
will be  deemed  to have  been  delivered:  (i)  upon  receipt,  when  delivered
personally;  (ii) upon receipt, when sent by facsimile (provided confirmation of
transmission is mechanically or electronically generated and kept on file by the
sending  party);  or (iii) one  business  day after  deposit  with a  nationally
recognized  overnight  delivery service,  in each case properly addressed to the
party to  receive  the  same.  The  addresses  and  facsimile  numbers  for such
communications shall be:

                  If to the Company:

                           The 3DO Company
                           200 Cardinal Way
                           Redwood City, California 94063
                           Telephone:     (650) 385-3000
                           Facsimile:     (650) 385-3184
                           Attention:     Chief Executive Officer


                                      -11-
<PAGE>




                           With a copy to:

                           Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati
                           650 Page Mill Road
                           Palo Alto, CA 94304
                           Telephone:     (650) 493-9300
                           Facsimile:     (650) 493-6811
                           Attention:     Yoichiro Taku, Esq.

If to the Buyer,  to its address and facsimile  number set forth on the Schedule
of Buyers attached hereto,  with copies to such Buyer's  representatives  as set
forth on the  Schedule  of Buyers,  or to such other  address  and/or  facsimile
number and/or to the  attention of such other person as the recipient  party has
specified by written notice given to each other party five (5) days prior to the
effectiveness of such change.  Written  confirmation of receipt (A) given by the
recipient  of  such  notice,  consent,   waiver  or  other  communication,   (B)
mechanically  or  electronically  generated  by the sender's  facsimile  machine
containing the time, date,  recipient facsimile number and an image of the first
page of such  transmission  or (C)  provided by a courier or  overnight  courier
service shall be rebuttable  evidence of personal service,  receipt by facsimile
or receipt from a nationally recognized overnight delivery service in accordance
with clause (i), (ii) or (iii) above, respectively.

         c.  Failure  of any party to  exercise  any right or remedy  under this
Agreement or otherwise,  or delay by a party in exercising such right or remedy,
shall not operate as a waiver thereof.

         d. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and
interpretation  of this Agreement  shall be governed by the internal laws of the
State of Delaware, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of law
provision or rule.  Each party hereby  irrevocably  waives  personal  service of
process  and  consents  to  process  being  served in any such  suit,  action or
proceeding  by  mailing a copy  thereof to such  party at the  address  for such
notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute
good and sufficient  service of process and notice  thereof.  Nothing  contained
herein  shall be deemed to limit in any way any  right to serve  process  in any
manner  permitted by law. If any provision of this Agreement shall be invalid or
unenforceable in any jurisdiction, such invalidity or unenforceability shall not
affect the validity or enforceability of the remainder of this Agreement in that
jurisdiction  or the  validity  or  enforceability  of  any  provision  of  this
Agreement in any other  jurisdiction.  EACH PARTY HEREBY  IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY
RIGHT IT MAY HAVE, AND AGREES NOT TO REQUEST,  A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION
OF ANY  DISPUTE  HEREUNDER  OR IN  CONNECTION  HEREWITH  OR ARISING  OUT OF THIS
AGREEMENT OR ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.

         e. This  Agreement  and the Warrant  constitutes  the entire  agreement
among the parties  hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof.
There are no  restrictions,  promises,  warranties or  undertakings,  other than
those set forth or  referred  to herein  and  therein.  This  Agreement  and the
Warrant  supersede all prior  agreements  and  understandings  among the parties
hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof.


                                      -12-
<PAGE>

         f. Subject to the requirements of Section 9, this Agreement shall inure
to the benefit of and be binding upon the  permitted  successors  and assigns of
each of the parties hereto.

         g. The headings in this Agreement are for convenience of reference only
and shall not limit or otherwise affect the meaning hereof.

         h. This  Agreement may be executed in identical  counterparts,  each of
which shall be deemed an original but all of which shall  constitute one and the
same agreement.  This Agreement,  once executed by a party,  may be delivered to
the other party hereto by  facsimile  transmission  of a copy of this  Agreement
bearing the signature of the party so delivering this Agreement.

         i. Each party shall do and perform,  or cause to be done and performed,
all such further acts and things,  and shall  execute and deliver all such other
agreements,  certificates,  instruments  and  documents,  as the other party may
reasonably  request in order to carry out the intent and accomplish the purposes
of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.

         j. All  consents  and other  determinations  required to be made by the
Investors  pursuant to this Agreement shall be made, unless otherwise  specified
in this Agreement,  by Investors  holding at least a majority of the Registrable
Securities.

         k.  The  language  used in this  Agreement  will  be  deemed  to be the
language  chosen by the parties to express  their mutual  intent and no rules of
strict construction will be applied against any party.

         l. This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and
their respective  permitted  successors and assigns,  and is not for the benefit
of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other Person.


                                   * * * * * *


                                      -13-
<PAGE>


     IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  the  parties  have caused  this  Registration  Rights
Agreement to be duly executed as of day and year first above written.


                                 COMPANY:

                                 THE 3DO COMPANY


                                 By:  /s/ William M. Hawkins, III
                                    -------------------------------------------

                                 Name: William M. Hawkins, III
                                       ----------------------------------------

                                 Its:  Chief Executive Officer
                                       ----------------------------------------



                                 BUYER:


                                 By:   /s/ Martin Silver
                                    -------------------------------------------

                                 Name: Martin Silver
                                       ----------------------------------------

                                 Its: Managing Partner
                                      -----------------------------------------





<PAGE>


                               SCHEDULE OF BUYERS

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                   Number of     Aggregate      Warrant
                             Investor Address         Number        Warrant      Purchase       Exercise
   Investor's Name         and Facsimile Number      of Shares      Shares       Price ($)      Price ($)
----------------------   ------------------------  ------------  ------------  -------------  -------------
<S>                      <C>                       <C>           <C>           <C>            <C>




</TABLE>


<PAGE>


                                     Annex A
                              Plan of Distribution

     The  Selling  Stockholders  and  any  of  their  pledgees,   assignees  and
successors-in-interest  may, from time to time,  sell any or all of their shares
of Common Stock on any stock exchange,  market or trading  facility on which the
shares  are traded or in private  transactions.  These  sales may be at fixed or
negotiated  prices.  The  Selling  Stockholders  may  use any one or more of the
following methods when selling shares:

     ordinary brokerage transactions and transactions in which the broker dealer
solicits purchasers;

     block trades in which the broker  dealer will attempt to sell the shares as
agent but may  position  and  resell a  portion  of the  block as  principal  to
facilitate the transaction;

o    purchases by a broker  dealer as principal  and resale by the broker dealer
     for its account;

o    an exchange  distribution  in accordance  with the rules of the  applicable
     exchange;

o    privately negotiated transactions;

o    short sales

o    broker dealers may agree with the Selling  Stockholders to sell a specified
     number of such shares at a stipulated price per share;

o    a combination of any such methods of sale; and

o    any other method permitted pursuant to applicable law.


     The  Selling  Stockholders  may also sell  shares  under Rule 144 under the
Securities Act, if available, rather than under this prospectus.

     Broker dealers  engaged by the Selling  Stockholders  may arrange for other
brokers dealers to participate in sales.  Broker dealers may receive commissions
or discounts  from the Selling  Stockholders  (or, if any broker  dealer acts as
agent  for the  purchaser  of  shares,  from the  purchaser)  in  amounts  to be
negotiated.  The  Selling  Stockholders  do not  expect  these  commissions  and
discounts to exceed what is customary in the types of transactions involved.

     The  Selling  Stockholder  may from time to time pledge or grant a security
interest in some or all of the Shares or common  stock or Warrant  owned by them
and,  if they  default in the  performance  of their  secured  obligations,  the
pledgees or secured  parties may offer and sell the shares of common  stock from
time to time under this  prospectus,  or under an amendment  to this  prospectus
under Rule 424(b)(3) or other applicable provision of the Securities Act of 1933
amending the list of Selling


                                       -2-
<PAGE>

Stockholders to include the pledgee,  transferee or other successors in interest
as selling stockholders under this prospectus.

     The Selling  Stockholders  also may  transfer the shares of common stock in
other circumstances, in which case the transferees, pledgees or other successors
in  interest  will  be the  selling  beneficial  owners  for  purposes  of  this
prospectus.

     The Selling Stockholders and any broker dealers or agents that are involved
in selling the shares may be deemed to be  "underwriters"  within the meaning of
the Securities Act in connection with such sales. In such event, any commissions
received  by such  broker  dealers or agents and any profit on the resale of the
shares  purchased  by them  may be  deemed  to be  underwriting  commissions  or
discounts under the Securities Act. The Selling  Stockholders  have informed the
Company  that it does not have  any  agreement  or  understanding,  directly  or
indirectly, with any person to distribute the Common Stock.

     The  Company  is  required  to pay all fees and  expenses  incident  to the
registration  of the shares.  The Company  has agreed to  indemnify  the Selling
Stockholders against certain losses, claims, damages and liabilities,  including
liabilities under the Securities Act.



                                      -3-

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
