<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.30
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>l99152aexv10w30.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.30
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.30

                                   AMENDMENT
                                       TO
                              EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

         THIS AMENDMENT TO EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT is made as of December 1, 2002
by and between OM GROUP, INC., a Delaware corporation ("Company"), and Thomas R.
Miklich, an individual ("Executive").

         WHEREAS, the parties entered into a certain employment agreement dated
May 1, 2002 (the "Agreement"), with respect to the employment of the Executive
by the Company; and


         WHEREAS, the Executive requested to have certain provisions of the
Agreement clarified or amended; and

         WHEREAS, the Company is agreeable to making such revisions since it has
decided that the request is reasonable and that the continued services of the
Executive are beneficial to the Company;


         NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants contained
herein, the parties hereby agree that the Agreement is hereby amended, effective
as of December 1, 2002, in the following respects:

         1.     Section 1 of the Agreement is hereby amended to provide as
follows:

                1.     EMPLOYMENT AND TERM. The Company agrees to employ
         Executive and Executive agrees to be employed by the Company during the
         term of the Agreement, subject to the provisions hereinafter set forth.
         Unless terminated earlier as specifically provided herein, the initial
         term of the Agreement shall commence on May 1, 2002 and continue until
         November 30, 2005; provided, however, that the Agreement shall be
         renewed automatically for one additional 12-month period on each
         anniversary of December 1, 2002 (an "Anniversary Date"), unless either
         the Company or Executive gives contrary written notice to the other
         party at least six months prior to an Anniversary Date. The term of the
         Agreement as renewed pursuant to the above provisions shall be 36
         months as of an Anniversary Date.


         2.     Paragraph (d) of Section 3 of the Agreement is hereby amended to
provide as follows:

                (d)   RETIREMENT BENEFITS. Upon the termination of Executive's
         employment without Cause (as hereinafter defined), Executive shall be
         entitled to receive from the Company an annual amount equal to the
         annual benefit that Executive would have been eligible to receive under
         the supplemental executive retirement plan (in effect as of February 1,
         2000) of his immediate prior employer (the "SERP"), including any
         applicable Offsets as defined in the SERP, if: (a) he had remained
         employed and covered by the SERP until the later of the term of the

<PAGE>
         Agreement, and (b) his Earnings (as defined under the SERP) with such
         prior employer has increased at the rate of five percent per annum;
         provided, however, that such amount shall be reduced by the actuarial
         equivalent of any amounts which Executive is entitled to receive that
         are: (i) attributable to Company Contributions (as defined in the OMG
         Americas, Inc. Employees' Profit-Sharing Plan (the "PROFIT-SHARING
         PLAN") or any successor thereto) made to the Profit-Sharing Plan, or
         (ii) payable under the Benefit Restoration Plan or any other
         supplemental pension or severance plan, program or arrangement
         maintained by the Company. Actuarial equivalency for such purposes
         shall be the applicable mortality rate and applicable interest rate
         defined in Section 417(e)(3)(A)(ii) of the Internal Revenue Code of
         1986, as amended. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event the
         Company establishes a supplemental executive retirement plan in the
         future, the Executive shall receive the greater of: (i) the benefit
         described above, or (ii) the benefit under such newly established plan.

         3.     Paragraph (b) of Section 4 of the Agreement is hereby amended to
provide as follows:

                (b)    TERMINATION WITHOUT CAUSE OR BY EXECUTIVE. If the Company
         terminates Executive's employment without Cause, the Company shall pay
         Executive for the number of months remaining under the term of the
         Agreement: (i) 100% of his total annual salary in effect on the date of
         his termination; and (ii) his "EARNED BONUS". Executive's earned bonus
         shall equal the ESTIMATED ANNUAL BONUS, as defined below, divided by 12
         and then multiplied by the number of months remaining under the term
         of the Agreement. The Estimated Annual Bonus shall equal the greater of
         (x) the average of the Executive's annual incentive bonus paid to
         Executive by the Company over the most recent three years or the length
         of his employment, if less and (y) 75% of Executive's annual base
         salary in effect on the date of termination. Payments made under this
         Section 4(b) shall be payable during the term of the Agreement pursuant
         to the payroll practices of the Company. If Executive resigns, the
         Company shall pay Executive the amount determined under the above
         provisions for twelve months provided that any such resignation occurs
         on or after November 30, 2004. The healthcare, life insurance, and
         nonqualified retirement benefits as well as the use of the car to which
         Executive was entitled, or was accruing, on the date of any such
         termination or resignation shall be continued with respect to Executive
         for the period during which payments are made to the Executive pursuant
         to the above provisions. Restricted stock granted to the Executive
         shall vest immediately in the event of Termination by the Company
         without cause or by Executive.

         4.     Paragraph (d) of Section 4 of the Agreement is hereby amended to
provide as follows:

                (d)    TERMINATION FOR DISABILITY. The Company shall have the
         right to terminate Executive's employment on or after the date of
         Executive incurs a

                                      -2-
<PAGE>
         Disability, and such termination shall be treated as a termination
         without cause, except that any payments received pursuant to Section
         4(b) shall be offset by any disability payments received pursuant to
         any disability benefit plan maintained by the Company. Disability for
         purposes of the Agreement shall mean a condition that renders Executive
         unable (as determined by the Company in good faith, based upon the
         opinion of a physician selected by the Company) to regularly perform
         his duties hereunder by reason of illness or injury for a period of
         more than six consecutive months.

         5.     Subparagraphs (e)(i) and (c)(ii) of Section 4 of the Agreement a
hereby amended to provide as follows:

                     (i) pay Executive's designated beneficiary or if there is
         no designated beneficiary, Executive's estate, his base salary in
         effect on the date of his death for the period of the term of the
         Agreement;

                     (ii) pay Executive's designated beneficiary or if there is
         no surviving beneficiary, Executive's estate, his earned bonus,
         determined pursuant to the provisions of Section 4(b), for the year in
         which Executive's death occurs;

                     (iii) restricted stock granted to the Executive shall vest
         immediately; and

Subparagraph (e)(iii) is renumbered (e)(iv).

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Amendment to Employment
Agreement to be executed by its duly authorized officer and Executive has
executed this Amendment to Employment Agreement as of the date first above
written.

OM GROUP, INC.                           EXECUTIVE

By:                                      By: /s/ Thomas R. Miklich
   -----------------------                  -----------------------
Name:                                       Thomas R. Miklich
Title:

APPROVED:

/s/ Lee R. Brodeur
--------------------------
Lee R. Brodeur
Chairman, Compensation Committee



                                      -3-




</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
