<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>a4338132_1023.txt
<DESCRIPTION>KEY TECHNOLOGY EX. 10.23
<TEXT>
                                                                   Exhibit 10.23
                           AMENDMENT TO LOAN DOCUMENTS


     THIS AMENDMENT TO LOAN DOCUMENTS (the "Amendment") is made as of the 11th
day of December, 2002, by and between KEY TECHNOLOGY, INC., an Oregon
corporation (the "Borrower"), and BANNER BANK, a Washington banking corporation
(the "Lender").

                                    RECITALS

     A. Borrower and Lender are parties to that certain Loan Agreement dated as
of August 9, 2002 (as the same may be amended, modified or extended from time to
time the "Loan Agreement") and the related Loan Documents described therein.

     B. Borrower has requested that Lender consider requests made by Borrower
from time to time for the issuance by Lender of standby letters of credit for
the account of Borrower, which requests Lender is willing to consider, subject
to, among other things, the execution and delivery of this Amendment.

     NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing, and for other good and
valuable consideration receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, Borrower and
Lender hereby agree as follows:

                                    AGREEMENT

     1. Definitions; Interpretation. Capitalized terms used herein and not
otherwise defined shall have the meaning given in the Loan Agreement. The rules
of construction and interpretation specified in Section 1.2 and Section 1.4 of
the Loan Agreement also apply to this Amendment and are incorporated herein by
this reference.

     2. Amendments to Loan Agreement. The Loan Agreement is amended as follows:

          (a)  Amendment to Definitions. In Section 1.1, amendments are made to
               the definitions, as follows:

               (1)  Credit Utilization. The definition of "Credit Utilization"
                    is added to read as follows:

               "Credit Utilization" means, as of any date of determination, the
          sum of

     (i)  the aggregate principal amount of all outstanding Revolving Loans;
          plus
     (ii) the Letter of Credit Usage.

               (2)  Letter of Credit. The definition of "Letter of Credit" is
                    added to read as follows:

          "Letter of Credit" means any standby or commercial letter of credit
     issued by Lender for Borrower's account.

<PAGE>

               (3)  Letter of Credit Application. The definition of "Letter of
                    Credit Application" is added to read as follows:

          "Letter of Credit Application" means a letter of credit application in
     the standard form then used by Lender executed and delivered by Borrower in
     respect of a Letter of Credit.

               (4)  Letter of Credit Usage. The definition of "Letter of Credit
                    Usage" is added to read as follows:

          "Letter of Credit Usage" means, as of any date of determination, the
     sum of (i) the aggregate face amount of all outstanding unmatured Letters
     of Credit plus (ii) the aggregate amount of all payments made by Lender
     under Letters of Credit and not yet reimbursed by Borrower.

               (5)  Loan Documents. The definition of "Loan Documents" is
                    amended and restated to read as follows:

          "Loan Documents" means, collectively, this Agreement, the Notes, the
     Letter of Credit Applications and the Security Documents, as any thereof
     shall be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to
     time and all other certificates, instruments and other documents executed
     by Borrower in connection with this Agreement or the transactions
     contemplated hereby.

          (b)  Amendments to Section 2.1. Section 2.1(a) is hereby amended and
               restated as follows:

               (a) Revolving Credit Line. Subject to the terms and conditions of
          this Agreement, Lender agrees during the period from the date this
          Agreement is executed and delivered by the parties hereto until the
          Revolving Maturity Date (the "Revolving Commitment Period") to make
          loans (the "Revolving Loans") requested by Borrower in a Notice of
          Borrowing given under this Agreement; provided that, after giving
          effect to any such requested borrowing (i) the aggregate outstanding
          principal balance of all Revolving Loans will not exceed the Revolving
          Commitment Amount and (ii) the Credit Utilization will not exceed the
          Borrowing Base. The Revolving Loans described in this Section 2.1(a)
          constitute a revolving credit, and up to the Revolving Commitment
          Amount and during the Revolving Commitment Period, Borrower may pay,
          prepay and reborrow.

          (c)  Amendments to Section 2.3. Section 2.3(a) is hereby amended and
               restated as follows:

               (a) Revolving Credit Line. On each day that the Credit
          Utilization exceeds the Borrowing Base, Borrower shall repay Revolving
          Loans in such an amount as is necessary to reduce the Credit
          Utilization to an amount equal to or less than the Borrowing Base,
          and, if, after repayment of all Revolving Loans, the Credit
          Utilization exceeds the Borrowing Base, Borrower shall deposit with or
          deliver to Lender and to grant to Lender, a security interest in
          deposit account balances held or maintained in blocked,
          non-interest-bearing deposit accounts at Lender to secure all advances
          to, and debts, liabilities, obligations, covenants and duties of
          Borrower arising under the Loan Agreement and each other Loan
          Document, including, without limitation, with respect to the Letters
          of Credit, pursuant to documentation in form and substance
          satisfactory to Lender. Borrower shall repay to Lender the outstanding
          principal balance of the Revolving Loans on or before the Revolving
          Maturity Date.


<PAGE>


          (d)  Amendments to Section 7.2. Section 7.2 is hereby amended and
               restated as follows:

          Section 7.2 Consequences of Default.

               (a) General. If any of the Events of Default described in Section
          7.1(g) or Section 7.1(h) shall occur, the Commitment shall immediately
          terminate and, if any Loans or Letters of Credit shall have been made
          or issued, the principal of and interest on the Loans, the face
          amounts of all issued and outstanding Letters of Credit, and all other
          sums payable by Borrower under this Agreement and the other Loan
          Documents shall become immediately due and payable all without
          protest, presentment, notice or demand, all of which Borrower
          expressly waives. If any other Event of Default shall occur and be
          continuing, then in any such case and at any time thereafter so long
          as any such Event of Default shall be continuing, Lender may at its
          option immediately terminate the Commitment and, if any Loans or
          Letters of Credit shall have been made or issued, Lender may at its
          option declare the principal of and interest on the Loans, the face
          amounts of all issued and outstanding Letters of Credit and all other
          sums payable by Borrower under this Agreement and the other Loan
          Documents to be immediately due and payable, whereupon the same shall
          become immediately due and payable all without protest, presentment,
          notice, or demand, all of which Borrower expressly waives. The rights
          and remedies set forth in this Section 7.2 shall be in addition to any
          and all rights and remedies set forth in the other Loan Documents.

               (b) Cash Collateral. Regardless of whether Borrower's obligations
          to repay the Loans and to pay the face amounts of the Letters of
          Credit have been accelerated pursuant to the preceding sentences,
          Lender may realize on any or all of the Collateral by exercising any
          remedies provided in the Security Documents. Amounts paid or received
          hereunder in respect of issued and outstanding Letters of Credit which
          exceed amounts paid by Lender under such Letters of Credit shall be
          held (and applied) as cash collateral to secure the performance of all
          obligations of Borrower owing to Lender under the Letter of Credit
          Applications and the other Loan Documents.

<PAGE>

     3. Amendment to Security Agreement. The Security Agreement is amended by
adding Section 13(g) as follows:

               (g) Proceeds Account. To the extent that any of the Secured
          Obligations may be contingent, unmatured or unliquidated (including,
          without limitation, with respect to undrawn amounts under any Letter
          of Credit), upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event
          of Default, Secured Party may, at its option, (i) retain the proceeds
          of any sale, collection, disposition or other realization upon the
          Collateral (or any portion thereof) in a special purpose non
          interest-bearing restricted deposit account (the "Proceeds Account")
          created and maintained by Secured Party for such purpose (which shall
          constitute a Deposit Account included within the Collateral hereunder)
          until such time as Secured Party may elect to apply such proceeds to
          the Secured Obligations, and Debtor agrees that such retention of such
          proceeds by Secured Party shall not be deemed strict foreclosure with
          respect thereto; (ii) in any reasonable manner elected by Secured
          Party, estimate the liquidated amount of any of the Secured
          Obligations that may be contingent, unmatured or unliquidated and
          apply the proceeds of the Collateral against such amount; or (iii)
          otherwise proceed in any manner permitted by applicable laws. Debtor
          agrees that the Proceeds Account shall be a blocked account and that
          upon the irrevocable deposit of funds into the Proceeds Account,
          Debtor shall not have any right of withdrawal with respect to such
          funds. Accordingly, Debtor irrevocably waives the right to make any
          withdrawal from the Proceeds Account and the right to instruct Secured
          Party to honor drafts against the Proceeds Account.

     4. Conditions to Effectiveness. Notwithstanding anything contained herein
to the contrary, this Amendment shall not become effective until each of the
following conditions is fully and simultaneously satisfied:

          (a) Delivery of Amendment. Borrower and Lender shall have executed and
     delivered counterparts of this Amendment to each other;

          (b) Payment of Fees. Borrower shall have paid to Lender an amendment
     fee in the amount of One Hundred Dollars ($100) in respect of Lender's
     agreement to enter into this Amendment;

          (c) Corporate Authority. Lender shall have received in form and
     substance reasonably satisfactory to it such evidence of corporate
     authority as Lender shall reasonably request;

          (d) Representations True; No Default. The representations of Borrower
     as set forth in Article 4 of the Loan Agreement shall be true on and as of
     the date of this Amendment with the same force and effect as if made on and
     as of this date or, if any such representation or warranty is stated to
     have been made as of or with respect to a specific date, as of or with
     respect to such specific date. No Event of Default and no event which, with
     notice or lapse of time or both, would constitute an Event of Default,
     shall have occurred and be continuing or will occur as a result of the
     execution, delivery or performance of the Amendment

<PAGE>

Documents; and

          (e) Other Documents. Lender shall have received such other documents,
     instruments, and undertakings as Lender may reasonably request.

     5. Representations and Warranties. Borrower hereby represents and warrants
to Lender that each of the representations and warranties set forth in Article 4
of the Loan Agreement is true and correct in each case as if made on and as of
the date of this Amendment or, if any such representation or warranty is stated
to have been made as of or with respect to a specific date, as of or with
respect to such specific date. Borrower expressly agrees that it shall be an
additional Event of Default under the Loan Agreement if any representation or
warranty made hereunder shall prove to have been incorrect in any material
respect when made.

     6. Confirmation of Security Interest. Borrower hereby confirms that the
grant by Borrower of the security interest in the Collateral pursuant to the
Security Documents remains in full force and effect, and that the indebtedness,
liabilities and obligations of Borrower under the Loan Documents secured by the
Collateral shall include the indebtedness, liabilities and obligations of
Borrower under the Letter of Credit Applications and in respect of the Letters
of Credit (as each such term is defined in the Loan Agreement as amended by this
Amendment).

     7. Applicability of ISP98. Unless otherwise expressly agreed by Lender and
Borrower, if any standby letter of credit is issued by Lender for Borrower's
account, performance under such standby letter of credit by Lender, its
correspondents, and beneficiaries will be governed by the rules of the
"International Standby Practices 1998" (ISP98) or such later revision as may be
published by the International Chamber of Commerce.

     8. No Further Amendment. Except as expressly modified by this Amendment,
the Loan Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall remain unmodified and in
full force and effect and the parties hereby ratify their respective obligations
thereunder.

     9. Reservation of Rights. Borrower acknowledges and agrees that the
execution and delivery by Lender of this Amendment shall not be deemed to create
a course of dealing or otherwise obligate Lender to forbear or execute similar
amendments under the same or similar circumstances in the future. Borrower
further acknowledges and agrees that the execution and delivery by Lender of
this Amendment shall not be deemed to obligate Lender to issue any standby or
commercial letter of credit for Borrower's account.

     10. Miscellaneous.

          (a) Entire Agreement. This Amendment and the other Amendment Documents
     comprise the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject
     matter hereof and supersedes all prior oral or written agreements,
     representations or commitments.

          (b) Counterparts. This Amendment may be executed in any number of
     counterparts and by different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each
     of which when so executed shall be deemed to be an original, and all of
     which taken together shall constitute one and the same Amendment. Delivery
     of an originally executed signature page or pages hereto, a counterpart
     signature page, or a photocopy thereof transmitted by telephone facsimile
     transmission, shall be as effective as delivery of a manually signed
     counterpart of this Amendment.

          (c) Governing Law. This Amendment and the other agreements provided
     for herein and the rights and obligations of the parties hereto and thereto
     shall be construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State
     of Washington, excluding its conflicts of law rules.

          (d) Oral Agreements Not Enforceable.

<PAGE>

          ORAL AGREEMENTS OR ORAL COMMITMENTS TO LOAN MONEY, EXTEND CREDIT, OR
          TO FOREBEAR FROM ENFORCING REPAYMENT OF A DEBT ARE NOT ENFORCEABLE
          UNDER WASHINGTON LAW.

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be
executed by their respective officers or agents thereunto duly authorized as of
the date first above written.

           BORROWER:               KEY TECHNOLOGY, INC., an Oregon corporation



                                   By   /s/  Ted R. Sharp
                                      ------------------------------------------
                                   Its   CFO
                                       -----------------------------------------


           LENDER:                 BANNER BANK, a Washington banking corporation



                                   By   /s/  Matt Tucker
                                      ------------------------------------------
                                   Its   SVP
                                       -----------------------------------------

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
