<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.3
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>g80720exv99w3.txt
<DESCRIPTION>APPENDIX B TO DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                    Exhibit 99.3



                         UNITED STATES BANKRUPTCY COURT
                          FOR THE DISTRICT OF DELAWARE



IN RE:                            )    CASE NO. 02-12550 PJW
                                  )
                                  )
                                  )    CHAPTER 11
NUTRITIONAL SOURCING CORPORATION, )
                                  )
                                  )
                                  )
                     DEBTOR.      )

                    MOTION FOR ORDER (I) APPROVING PROCEDURES
                 AND MATERIALS EMPLOYED TO PROVIDE NOTICE OF THE
             DISCLOSURE STATEMENT HEARING AND CONFIRMATION HEARING,
         (II) APPROVING DISCLOSURE STATEMENT, (III) ESTABLISHING RECORD
             DATE AND VOTING DEADLINE, (IV) DETERMINING TREATMENT OF
          CERTAIN CLAIMS AND INTERESTS FOR NOTICE AND VOTING PURPOSES,
             (V) APPROVING SOLICITATION PROCEDURES FOR CONFIRMATION

         Nutritional Sourcing Corporation as debtor and debtor in possession in
the above-captioned cases (the "Debtor"), submit this motion (the "Motion")(1)
for an order under 11 U.S.C.ss.ss. 105(a), 1125(b) and 1126(b) and Fed. R.
Bankr. P. 2002, 3017, 3018 and 3020 (i) approving procedures and materials
employed to provide notice of the disclosure statement hearing and the
confirmation hearing, (ii) approving disclosure statement, (iii) establishing a
record date and voting deadline, (iv) determining the treatment of certain
claims and interests for notice and voting purposes, and (v) approving
solicitation procedures for confirmation.

___________________

(1)  Unless otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms herein shall have the
     meanings ascribed to them in the Disclosure Statement, the Plan or the
     attachments thereto.

<PAGE>


         In support of this Motion, the Debtor respectfully represents as
follows:

                             JURISDICTION AND VENUE

         1. The Bankruptcy Court has jurisdiction over this matter pursuant to
28 U.S.C.ss.ss. 157 and 1334. Venue is proper pursuant to 28 U.S.C.ss.ss. 1408
and 1409. This is a core proceeding pursuant to 28 U.S.C.ss. 157(b)(2).

         2. The statutory predicates for the relief requested herein are
sections 105, 1125 and 1126 of the Bankruptcy Code and Rules 2002, 3017, 3018,
and 3020 of the Federal Rules of Bankruptcy Procedure (the "Bankruptcy Rules").

                                   BACKGROUND

         3. The Debtor, through its operating subsidiaries (the "Operating
Subsidiaries"), operates one of the leading supermarket chains and the leading
video rental store chain (through its franchise rights with Blockbuster, Inc.)
in Puerto Rico. Further, the Debtor, through one of its Operating Subsidiaries,
owns the leading supermarket and video store operation (through its franchise
rights with Blockbuster, Inc.) in the U.S. Virgin Islands.

         4. On September 24, 2002, the Debtor filed its consent to the entry of
an order for relief under chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code in response to an
involuntary chapter 11 petition filed by three of its note holders on September
4, 2002 (the "Petition Date"). The Court entered the order for relief on
September 27, 2002. The Debtor continues to operate its business and manage its
properties as a debtor in possession pursuant to sections 1107(a) and 1108 of
the Bankruptcy Code.

         5. No trustee or examiner has been appointed in the Debtor's chapter 11
case. The Official Committee of Unsecured Creditors (the "Committee") was
appointed herein pursuant to section 1102 of the Bankruptcy Code on October 11,
2002.

                                       2
<PAGE>

         6. Following the Petition Date, the Debtor has actively engaged in a
variety of tasks in furtherance of its ability to formulate and propose a plan
of reorganization (the "Plan") and its eventual emergence from chapter 11. These
efforts include the retention of professionals, the completion of the Debtor's
schedules and statement of financial affairs, obtaining an extension of the
maturity date of its Operating Subsidiaries bank facility (which was set to
mature on February 1, 2003), obtaining an extension of exclusivity and
completing negotiations with the Committee, which consists of holders of those
certain unsecured 9 1/2% Senior Notes and Series C Senior Notes due 2003 (the
"Senior Notes") in the principal amount of approximately $177 million plus
accrued interest, including the indenture trustee under the indenture governing
the Senior Notes, with respect to a plan of reorganization. The Debtor filed its
consensual plan of reorganization (the "Plan") and related disclosure statement
on the date hereof.

                             TERMS OF PROPOSED PLAN

         7. The terms of the Plan, as reflected in a term sheet (the "Term
Sheet")(2), a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit A), signed by the
Debtor and each member of the Committee except for the Indenture Trustee(3),
provides that the Senior Note holders will receive a combination of cash (the
"Cash Consideration") and new senior notes, provided that the Debtor meets
certain Benchmarks (as defined in the Term Sheet). The Cash Consideration will
consist of (i) $51 million cash from the Operating Subsidiaries, of which $15
million is

___________________

(2)  This motion contains a summary of certain provisions of the Term Sheet. For
     a complete understanding of the Term Sheet, please refer to the Term Sheet
     attached to the Disclosure Statement as Appendix C. To the extent that
     there is an inconsistency between the Motion and the Term Sheet, the Term
     Sheet shall control.

(3)  The Indenture Trustee could not sign the Term Sheet because the percentage
     of notes held by Committee members is not sufficient to direct the
     Indenture Trustee to take such action under the terms of the Indenture.

                                       3
<PAGE>


being contributed by existing equity in exchange for retaining all of its equity
interest in the Debtor, and (ii) an additional amount of cash (the "Additional
Cash Contribution") from the Operating Subsidiaries. If, however, the Debtor
fails to satisfy any of the Benchmarks, the Committee will have the option, at
its discretion, to proceed under an alternative plan whereby it would receive
all of the equity interests in the Debtor plus alternative notes in lieu of the
combination of cash and notes discussed above.

         8. The Additional Cash Contribution will be in the amount of $1.5
million per four week fiscal period to be deposited by an Operating Subsidiary
into a segregated bank account (the "Deposit Account") on the fifth business day
following the last day of each 4 week accounting period commencing with the
accounting period (each, a "Deposit Date") ending on January 25, 2003 and
terminating on the date the Plan is consummated; PROVIDED that in the event that
the Plan is to be consummated prior to the Deposit Date in any 4 week accounting
period, the Debtor shall cause a pro rata deposit with respect to such period to
be made into the Deposit Account immediately prior to the date on which the Plan
is consummated.

         9. The Debtor and its Operating Subsidiaries are negotiations with
lenders for a new credit facility for the Operating Subsidiaries to replace the
existing credit facility, which expires on September 30, 2003. The Debtor is
seeking to confirm its Plan prior to entry into the new bank facility, and
consummate such Plan on or before September 30, 2003.

                                RELIEF REQUESTED

         10. By this Motion, the Debtor requests entry of an order (the
"Solicitation Procedures Order"): (i) approving the procedures and materials
employed to provide notice of the filing of the Disclosure Statement and the
Plan, the deadline for objections thereto, and the date, time and location of
the hearing on the adequacy of the Disclosure Statement, and the confirmation of
the Plan, (ii) approving the Disclosure Statement, (iii) establishing a record
date and

                                       4
<PAGE>


voting deadline, (iv) determining the treatment of certain claims and interests
for notice and voting purposes, and (v) approving the procedures and materials
to be employed in the solicitation of votes with respect to the Plan.

         11. In addition, the Debtor requests that, in order for the relevant
solicitation materials to be fully and properly disseminated to the Senior Note
holders, the Bankruptcy Court order all banks, brokerages, transfer agents and
clearinghouses that have been identified as record holders of the Senior Notes,
to disseminate the appropriate solicitation packages to such Senior Note holders
and cooperate with the Debtor with respect to the solicitation process, as
described in more detail below.

I.       APPROVAL OF THE FORM AND MANNER OF NOTICE
         OF THE DISCLOSURE STATEMENT HEARING AND
         DEADLINE FOR FILING OBJECTIONS THERETO

         12. Bankruptcy Rule 3017(a) provides, in relevant part:

         [A]fter a disclosure statement is filed in accordance with Rule
         3016(b), the court shall hold a hearing on at least 25 days' notice to
         the debtor, creditors, equity security holders and other parties in
         interest as provided in Rule 2002 to consider the disclosure statement
         and any objections or modifications thereto. The plan and the
         disclosure statement shall be mailed with the notice of the hearing
         only to the debtor, any trustee or committee appointed under the Code,
         the Securities and Exchange Commission, and any party in interest who
         requests in writing a copy of the statement or plan.

Fed. R. Bankr. P. 3017(a). Bankruptcy Rule 9006(b) allows the Bankruptcy Court
to reduce this period, in its discretion, for cause, with or without motion or
notice. Fed. R. Bankr. P. 9006(b).

         13. The Deadline for filing and serving objections to the Disclosure
Statement and the Solicitation Procedures Motion is FEBRUARY 25, 2003 AT 4:00
P.M. (EASTERN STANDARD TIME) (the "Disclosure Statement Objection Deadline"),
and the Bankruptcy Court set MARCH 4,

                                       5
<PAGE>

2003 AT 5:00 P.M. (EST), as the date for the hearing to approve the Disclosure
Statement. The proposed Solicitation Procedures Order will set forth these dates
and deadlines.

         14. Bankruptcy Rules 2002(b) and (d) require notice by mail to all
creditors and equity security holders of the time set for filing objections to,
and the hearing to consider the approval of, a disclosure statement.
Accordingly, in accordance with Bankruptcy Rules 3017(a), 2002(b) and (d), on or
before JANUARY 31, 2003, the Debtor intends to:

         (a) deliver a copy of the notice in the form attached to the proposed
     Solicitation Procedures Order as EXHIBIT A (the "Disclosure Statement
     Notice") and a copy of the Disclosure Statement (including the Plan
     attached as Appendix I thereto) by first class mail upon (i) the United
     States Trustee (the "U.S. Trustee"), (ii) the Securities and Exchange
     Commission (the "SEC"), (iii) counsel for the Lender, (iv) counsel for the
     Committee, and (v) any party in interest who specifically requested the
     Disclosure Statement in the manner specified in the Disclosure Statement
     Notice and/or Bankruptcy Rule 3017(a); and

         (b) deliver a copy of the Disclosure Statement Notice by first class
     mail to the Debtor's creditor matrix, including, (i) the office of the
     United States Attorney for the District of Delaware, (ii) the District
     Director for the Internal Revenue Service, (iii) all persons or entities
     that filed proofs of claim, (iv) all persons or entities listed on in the
     Debtor's schedules of assets and liabilities filed with the Bankruptcy
     Court on October 11, 2002 and the amendment thereto filed on January 17,
     2003 (Docket Nos. 27 and 76) (the "Schedules"), (v) all Senior Note holders
     and all banks, brokerages, transfer agents and clearing houses that have
     been identified as record holders of the Senior Notes, (vi) The Bank of New
     York as the indenture trustee under the indenture governing the Senior
     Notes, (vii) any other known holders of claims against or equity interests
     in the Debtor, and (viii) all parties who have requested notice pursuant to
     Bankruptcy Rule 2002 (the "2002 List") who would not otherwise receive
     notice.

         15. The Debtor submits that the mailing of the Disclosure Statement
Notice described above satisfies the requirements of Bankruptcy Rules 2002(b)
and (d). The Debtor believes that such notice contains all necessary and
appropriate information regarding the Disclosure Statement hearing and the
manner and deadlines for filing objections to the Disclosure Statement and this
Motion.

                                       6
<PAGE>

II. APPROVAL OF THE DISCLOSURE STATEMENT

         16. Bankruptcy Code section 1125(b) prohibits postpetition solicitation
of a reorganization plan unless the plan (or summary thereof) and a written
disclosure statement, approved by the Bankruptcy Court as containing adequate
information, are transmitted to those persons whose votes are being solicited.
The Debtor requests that the Bankruptcy Court approve the Disclosure Statement
as providing adequate information within the meaning of Bankruptcy Code section
1125(a)(1). Bankruptcy Code section 1125 defines "adequate information" as:

         [I]nformation of a kind, and in sufficient detail, as far as is
         reasonably practicable in light of the nature and history of the debtor
         and the condition of the debtor's books and records, that would enable
         a hypothetical reasonable investor typical of holders of claims or
         interests of the relevant class to make an informed judgment about the
         plan. . . .

11 U.S.C.ss.1125(a)(1).

         17. The disclosure statement must contain "adequate information" so
that a creditor (likened to a "hypothetical reasonable investor") can make an
"informed judgment" whether to accept or reject the plan. IN RE CIVITELLA, 15
B.R. 206, 208 (Bankr. E.D. Pa.1981). What constitutes adequate information is to
be determined on a case- specific basis under a flexible standard that can
promote the policy of chapter 11 towards fair settlement through a negotiation
process between informed interested parties. KIRK V. TEXACO, INC., 82 B.R. 678,
682 (S.D.N.Y.1988). SEE ALSO FIRST AMERICAN BANK OF NEW YORK V. CENTURY GLOVE
INC., 81 B.R. 274, 278 (D. Del.1988); IN RE MONROE WELL SERVICE, INC., 80 B.R.
324, 330-331 (Bankr. E.D. Pa.1987); IN RE FERRETTI, 128 B.R. 16, 18-19 (Bankr.
D.N.H. 1991) (reciting extensive list of the type of information often needed in
disclosure statements).

         18. The Disclosure Statement is extensive and comprehensive; it
contains descriptions and summaries of, among other things, (i) the Plan, (ii)
certain events preceding the

                                       7
<PAGE>
commencement of these chapter 11 cases, (iii) significant events during the
chapter 11 cases, (iv) the nature of known claims against the Debtor's estates,
(v) the transactions to be implemented pursuant to the Plan, (vi) risk factors
affecting the Plan, (vii) a liquidation analysis setting forth the estimated
recoveries that creditors would receive in chapter 7, (viii) financial
information and valuations that would be relevant to creditors' determinations
of whether to accept or reject the Plan and (ix) federal tax law consequences of
the Plan.

         19. In addition, the Disclosure Statement was the subject of review and
comment by counsel to the Creditors' Committee and reflects comments received
from such counsel. Accordingly, the Debtor submits that the Disclosure Statement
contains adequate information within the meaning of Bankruptcy Code section 1125
and should be approved.

III. APPROVAL OF THE FORM AND MANNER OF
     NOTICE OF THE CONFIRMATION HEARING AND
     DEADLINE FOR FILING OBJECTIONS THERETO

     A. ESTABLISHMENT OF CONFIRMATION OBJECTION
        DEADLINE AND PROCEDURES WITH RESPECT THERETO

         20. Bankruptcy Rule 3017(c) provides that "[o]n or before approval of
the disclosure statement, the court . . . may fix a date for the hearing on
confirmation" of a plan. Unless otherwise provided by the Bankruptcy Court,
Bankruptcy Rule 2002(b) requires that at least 25 days notice must be given by
mail to all creditors and indenture trustees of the time fixed for filing
objections to and the hearing to consider confirmation of a plan.

         21. Bankruptcy Rule 3020(b)(1) provides that objections to confirmation
of a plan must be filed and served "within a time fixed by the court." The
Debtor requests that the Bankruptcy Court set APRIL 18, 2003 AT 4:00 P.M. (EST)
as the deadline for filing and serving objections to confirmation of the Plan
(the "Confirmation Objection Deadline"). The Debtor requests that the Bankruptcy
Court consider only timely filed and served written objections to

                                       8
<PAGE>

confirmation of the Plan, and that objections not timely filed and served in
accordance with the provisions of the immediately following paragraph be
overruled.

         22. The Debtor also requests that the Bankruptcy Court direct that
objections, if any, to confirmation of the Plan: (i) be made in writing, (ii)
comply with the Bankruptcy Code, the Bankruptcy Rules and the Local Rules, (iii)
set forth the name of the objector, and the nature and amount of any claim or
interest asserted by the objector against or in the Debtor, its estates or its
property, (iv) state with particularity the legal and factual bases for the
objection, including specific reference to the text of the Plan to which the
objection is made and (v) be filed with the Bankruptcy Court, together with
proof of service, and served by personal service, overnight delivery, first
class mail or facsimile, so as to be RECEIVED no later than the Confirmation
Objection Deadline, by the parties (the "Notice Parties") designated in the
Confirmation Notice (as hereinafter defined).

     B. APPROVAL OF FORM AND MANNER OF
        NOTICE OF THE CONFIRMATION HEARING

         23. Bankruptcy Rule 3017(d) requires that a notice of the time for
filing objections and the hearing on confirmation of the Plan be mailed to all
creditors and equity security holders pursuant to Bankruptcy Rule 2002(b) and
(d).

         24. Accordingly, in accordance with Bankruptcy Rules 3017(d), 2002(b)
and (d), on or before MARCH _20, 2003, the Debtor intends to, upon approval of
this Court:

         a) deliver a copy of the notice in the form attached to the proposed
     Solicitation Procedures Order as EXHIBIT B (the "Confirmation Notice"), as
     well as copies of the Disclosure Statement, the Plan, the Solicitation
     Procedures Order, or any exhibits or appendices to such pleadings, by first
     class mail (as appropriate) upon (i) the U.S. Trustee, (ii) the SEC, (iii)
     the office of the United States Attorney for the District of Delaware, (iv)
     the District Director for the Internal Revenue Service, (v) counsel for the
     Lender, (vi) counsel for the Committee, and (vii) each creditor on Debtor's
     creditor matrix, including, (A) all persons or entities that filed proofs
     of claim, (B) all persons or entities listed on in the Schedules, (C) all
     Senior Note holders and all banks, brokerages, transfer agents and clearing
     houses that have been identified as record holders of the

                                       9
<PAGE>
Senior Notes, (D) The Bank of New York as the indenture trustee under the
indenture governing the Senior Notes, (E) any other known holders of claims
against or equity interests in the Debtor, and (F) the 2002 List members who
would not otherwise receive notice (collectively, the "Plan Notice Parties").

         25. The Confirmation Notice contains notice of the Confirmation Hearing
and Confirmation Objection Deadline, as well as the procedures for filing
objections to confirmation of the Plan as outlined above. The Debtor submits
that such notice complies with the requirements of Bankruptcy Rules 3017(d),
2002(b) and 2002(d).

         26. The Debtor believes that the foregoing procedures regarding the
provision of notice of the Confirmation Hearing, Confirmation Objection Deadline
and related matters provide sufficient notice to all parties in interest in the
Debtor's chapter 11 cases and comply with Bankruptcy Rules 2002 and 3017.

IV. ESTABLISHMENT OF RECORD DATE AND VOTING DEADLINE

     A. RECORD DATE

         27. Bankruptcy Rule 3017(d) provides that the "date [an] order
approving the disclosure statement [is] entered" is the record date for
determining the "holders of stock, bonds, debentures, notes and other
securities" entitled to receive ballots and the materials specified in
Bankruptcy Rule 3017(d). Because Bankruptcy Rules 3017(d) and 3018(a) purport to
set a record date based on when the Clerk of the Bankruptcy Court enters an
order on the official docket, such rules in essence require ownership lists to
be prepared retroactively, even though this cannot be done accurately.

         28. Accordingly, because the registrars of the Debtor's securities need
ADVANCE notice of at least three (3) full business days to enable those
responsible for assembling ownership lists of publicly traded securities to
compile a list of holders as of a date certain, and notwithstanding anything to
the contrary in the Bankruptcy Rules, the Debtor requests that the

                                       10
<PAGE>

Bankruptcy Court exercise its power under Bankruptcy Code section 105(a) to set
MARCH 4, 2003 AT 5:00 P.M. (EST) as the record date (the "Record Date") for
determining the creditors and interest holders entitled to: (i) receive
Solicitation Packages and (ii) vote to accept or reject the Plan. The Debtor
will instruct those responsible for compiling ownership lists to prepare such
lists as of the Record Date.

     B. VOTING DEADLINE

         29. Pursuant to Bankruptcy Rule 3017(c), at the time of, or before the
approval of the Disclosure Statement, "the court shall fix a time within which
the holders of claims and interests may accept or reject the plan." The Debtor
hereby requests that the Bankruptcy Court set APRIL 18, 2003 AT 5:00 P.M. (EST)
(the "Voting Deadline"), as the deadline by which all ballots accepting or
rejecting the Plan must be received by InnisFree M&A Incorporated, (the "Voting
Agent").

         30. Ballots not received by the Voting Deadline will not be counted.
The Voting Agent will not accept any ballot transmitted via facsimile or
electronic mail. Any holder that votes in favor of the Plan will be deemed to
have consented to the all the terms of the Plan, including, but not limited to,
the Committee's right to issue or withdraw the Direction Letter. Upon mutual
agreement with the Committee, the Debtor hereby reserves its right to extend the
Voting Deadline if the need should arise.

V. DETERMINATION OF TREATMENT OF CERTAIN
   CLAIMS FOR NOTICE AND VOTING PURPOSES

     A. UNIMPAIRED CREDITORS

         31. Under the Plan, holders of certain claims against the Debtor are
unimpaired, as defined in Bankruptcy Code section 1124 (the "Unimpaired
Creditors").

                                       11
<PAGE>

Pursuant to Bankruptcy Code section 1126(f), Unimpaired Creditors are not
entitled to vote on the Plan. Under the Plan, holders of claims in Class 1 and 3
are Unimpaired Creditors.(4)

     B. NOTICE TO UNIMPAIRED CREDITORS AND NON-VOTING
        HOLDERS OF INSIDER CLAIMS AND EQUITY SECURITY INTERESTS

         32. In lieu of Solicitation Packages (as defined and described below),
the Debtor proposes to mail, or cause to be mailed, by first class mail, (i) to
the Unimpaired Creditors, a copy of the Notice of Non-Voting Status with Respect
to Unimpaired Classes, in the form attached to the proposed Solicitation
Procedures Order as EXHIBIT C, (ii) to Non-Voting holders of Insider Claims,(5)
a copy of the Notice of Non-Voting Status With Respect to Nutritional Sourcing
Corporation Impaired Class "4," in the form attached to the proposed
Solicitation Procedures Order as EXHIBIT D, and (iii) to Non-Voting holder of
the Equity Security Interest,(6) a copy of the Notice of Non-Voting Status With
Respect to Nutritional Sourcing Corporation Class "5," in the form attached to
the proposed Solicitation Procedures Order as EXHIBIT E.

         33. Each of such notices, respectively, provides: (i) notice of the
approval of the Disclosure Statement, (ii) notice of the filing of the Plan,
(iii) instructions regarding the

___________________

(4)  Class 1 Lender Secured Claims include the Secured Claims of the Lender
     under the Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of April 27, 1997, among
     NSC, as borrower, as amended and as supplemented from time to time
     thereafter and as amended and supplemented by that certain Extension and
     Modification Agreement dated January, 2003. Class 3 Intercompany Claims
     include any Claim by any of the Operating Subsidiaries against the Debtor.

(5)  Under the terms of the Plan, holders of Class 4 Insider Claims are not
     entitled to receive or retain any property on account of their claims
     against the Debtor and, therefore, pursuant to section 1126(g) of the
     Bankruptcy Code such claimants are deemed to have rejected the Plan and are
     not entitled to vote on the Plan.

(6)  Under the terms of the Plan, the holder of the Class 5 Equity Securities
     Interest will not be entitled to vote on the Plan because (i) it will be
     unimpaired and deemed to accept the Plan pursuant to section 1126(f) of the
     Bankruptcy Code because, under the Primary Plan, it will be entitled to
     retain their interests in the Debtor or (ii) it will be deemed impaired and
     deemed to reject the Plan pursuant to section 1126(g) of the Bankruptcy
     Code because, under the Alternative Plan, it will not be entitled to
     receive or retain any property on account of their interests in the Debtor.


                                       12
<PAGE>

various ways to obtain and/or view copies of the Disclosure Statement and Plan
and other documents, (iv) information regarding the Confirmation Hearing and (v)
detailed directions for filing confirmation objections by the Confirmation
Objection Deadline.

         34. The Debtor believes that mailing these notices satisfies the
requirements of Bankruptcy Rule 3017(d) with respect to the recipients of such
notices.

VI. TEMPORARY ALLOWANCE OF
    CLAIMS FOR VOTING PURPOSES

         35. The Debtor believes that certain creditors of the Debtor have
claims that are contingent, unliquidated or disputed,(7) and that under
applicable Bankruptcy Rules, such creditors are not entitled to vote on the
Plan. Bankruptcy Rule 3018(a) provides, in relevant part, that "notwithstanding
objection to a claim or interest, the court after notice and hearing may
temporarily allow the claim or interest in an amount which the court deems
proper for the purpose of accepting or rejecting a plan."

         36. Pursuant to Bankruptcy Code section 105(a), the Debtor requests
that the Bankruptcy Court fix APRIL 1, 2003 AT 4:00 P.M. (EST) (the "Rule
3018(a) Motion Deadline") as the deadline for any creditor to file and serve a
motion pursuant to Bankruptcy Rule 3018(a) ("Rule 3018(a) Motions") seeking
temporary allowance of a claim for voting purposes. The Debtor further requests
that the Bankruptcy Court direct that Rule 3018(a) Motions: (i) be made in
writing, (ii) comply with the Bankruptcy Code, the Bankruptcy Rules and the
Local Rules, (iii) set forth the name of the party asserting the Rule 3018(a)
Motion, (iv) state with particularity the legal and factual bases for the Rule
3018(a) Motion and (v) be filed with the Bankruptcy Court, together with proof
of service, and served by personal service, overnight delivery, first


___________________

(7)  Either because (i) such claims were scheduled as such and no proof of claim
     was filed, (ii) a proof of claim in an unliquidated amount was filed, or
     (iii) of the pendency of an objection to a filed claim.

                                       13
<PAGE>

class mail or facsimile, so as to be RECEIVED by the Notice Parties no later
than the Rule 3018(a) Motion Deadline.

         37. The Debtor further proposes that any party timely filing and
serving a Rule 3018(a) Motion be provided a ballot and be permitted to cast a
provisional vote to accept or reject the Plan. If, and to the extent that, the
Debtor and such party are unable to resolve the issues raised by the Rule
3018(a) Motion, the Debtor requests that all such Rule 3018(a) Motions be
considered at the omnibus hearing scheduled for APRIL 11, 2003 AT 10:30 A.M.
(EASTERN STANDARD TIME.

         38. Requiring Rule 3018(a) Motions to be filed by the Rule 3018(a)
Motion Deadline will afford the Debtor sufficient time to consider and, if
necessary, contest (or if appropriate, seek to resolve), the Rule 3018(a)
Motions and will help to ensure that an accurate tabulation of ballots is
completed by the Confirmation Hearing Date.

VII. APPROVAL OF THE SOLICITATION PROCEDURES

     A. VOTING AGENT

         39. By application (the "Innisfree Application") dated January 23,
2003, the Debtor sought to retain and employ the Voting Agent as Debtor's
special noticing, tabulation and balloting agent in connection with the
solicitation and tabulation of votes on the Plan. In accordance with the
provisions set forth in the Innisfree Application, the Debtor proposes to
utilize the Voting Agent as the Debtor's noticing and balloting agent to assist
the Debtor in mailing solicitation packages and notices, receiving and
tabulating ballots cast on the Plan, and to certify to the Bankruptcy Court the
results of the balloting.

     B. BALLOTS

         40. The Debtor requests that the Bankruptcy Court approve the form of
ballots to be utilized in soliciting votes on the Plan, as modified to meet the
particular requirements of

                                       14
<PAGE>

the Debtor's chapter 11 cases and the Plan, in substantially the forms attached
to the proposed Solicitation Procedures Order as EXHIBITS F-1 AND F-2.
Bankruptcy Rule 3017(d) provides that ballots for accepting or rejecting the
Plan should conform substantially to Official Form 14.

         41. The respective ballots are:

     EXHIBIT F-1      Ballot for Class 2: Beneficial Owners of Senior Notes
                      Claims; and

     EXHIBIT F-2      Master Ballot for Class 2: Record Holders of Senior Notes
                      Claims.

         42. Each of the ballots is consistent with the appropriate Official
Form and has been modified to address particular aspects specific to the
Debtor's chapter 11 case and to include certain additional information that the
Debtor believes to be relevant and appropriate for each such class of claims.
The Debtor submits that the ballots described above satisfy the requirements of
Bankruptcy Rule 3017(d).

     C. CONTENTS AND TRANSMITTAL
        OF SOLICITATION PACKAGES

         43. Bankruptcy Rule 3017(d) specifies the materials to be distributed
to holders of claims and/or interests upon approval of a disclosure statement.
If the Disclosure Statement is approved, the Debtor proposes to cause the Voting
Agent to transmit by first class mail, on or before MARCH 20, 2003 (the
"Solicitation Date"), to the holders of claims in Class 2 (as of the Record
Date), a solicitation package containing: (i) the Plan, (ii) the Disclosure
Statement, (iii) an appropriate ballot, (iv) the Confirmation Hearing Notice,
(v) the Solicitation Procedures Order and (vi) such other information as the
Bankruptcy Court may direct or approve (collectively, the "Solicitation
Package").

         44. Specifically, the Debtor proposes that the persons holding claims
in Class 2 (i) who have filed timely proofs of claims that have not been
disallowed by an order of the

                                       15
<PAGE>

Bankruptcy Court entered on or before the Record Date, or (ii) whose claims are
scheduled in the Schedules, receive a Solicitation Package. So as to avoid
duplication and reduce expenses, the Debtor proposes that creditors who have
filed duplicate claims in any given class should be required to receive only one
Solicitation Package and one ballot for voting their claims with respect to that
class. Solicitation Packages shall also be mailed to the Plan Notice Parties.

     D. PROCEDURES FOR TRANSMITTAL OF SOLICITATION
        PACKAGES TO HOLDERS OF CLASS 2 CLAIMS

         45. Creditors of Class 2 are comprised of holders of the Debtor's
Senior Notes. Bankruptcy Rule 3017(e) provides, in part, as follows:

         [T]he court shall consider [at the disclosure statement hearing] the
         procedures for transmitting the documents and information required by
         [Bankruptcy Rule 3017(d)] to beneficial holders of stock, bonds,
         debentures, notes, and other securities, determine the adequacy of the
         procedures, and enter any orders the court deems' appropriate.

         46. Because of the complexity and difficulty associated with reaching
beneficial owners of publicly traded securities, many of which hold their
securities in brokerage accounts and through several layers of ownership, and
because of the added complexity of identifying all beneficial holders of the
Senior Notes, the Debtor proposes that all known record holders (the "Record
Holders") be required to provide the Voting Agent with the addresses of such
beneficial Senior Note holders, as of the Record Date, in electronic format, on
or before MARCH 10, 2003. For those that fail to provide such information, the
Debtor requests that the Record Holders be required to send the appropriate
solicitation materials, in a manner customary in the securities industry, so as
to maximize the likelihood that beneficial owners of the Senior Notes will
receive the materials and be given the opportunity to vote on the Disclosure
Statement in a timely fashion.

                                       16
<PAGE>

         47. Accordingly, the Debtor proposes to cause the Voting Agent or its
designated agent to transmit the Solicitation Packages to the Senior Notes
holders, by mailing the materials by first class mail, no later than the
Solicitation Date, to (i) each of the beneficial Senior Notes holders as of the
Record Date for which the Voting Agent has received addresses in electronic
format from the applicable Record Holders (or agents therefore), and (ii) each
Record Holder (or the agent therefor) identified by the Voting Agent or its
designated agent as an entity through which beneficial owners hold or held the
Senior Notes as of the Record Date and from which the Voting Agent has not
received addresses in electronic format.

         48. The Debtor further proposes that the Bankruptcy Court order that
the Record Holders (or their agents) through which beneficial owners hold the
Senior Notes as of the Record Date, and who fail to provide the Voting Agent or
its designated agent with addresses of beneficial holders in electronic format,
promptly distribute the Solicitation Packages to the beneficial owners for whom
they held such securities. The Solicitation Packages to be transmitted to
beneficial holders of the Senior Notes by Record Holders will include a ballot
for the beneficial owners (the "Beneficial Owner Ballot", substantially in the
form of Exhibit F-1, and a return envelope provided by, and addressed to, the
requisite Record Holders (or their agents) of the beneficial owners. The Record
Holders (or their agents) must then summarize the individual votes of their
beneficial owners from the Beneficial Owner Ballots on a master ballot (the
"Master Ballot") to be provided to them by the Debtor in substantially the form
attached hereto as Exhibit F-2 (as appropriate). The Record Holders (or their
agents) shall then return the Master Ballot to the Voting Agent by the Voting
Deadline.

         49. The Debtor will serve a copy of this Motion and the Solicitation
Procedures Order on each of the Record Holders (or their agents) identified by
the Debtor and

                                       17
<PAGE>

the Voting Agent or its designated agent as an entity through which beneficial
owners hold the Senior Notes. The Debtor submits that this procedure adequately
recognizes the complex structure of the securities industry, enables the Debtor
to transmit materials to the record owners and beneficial owners of the Senior
Notes, and affords such persons with a fair and reasonable opportunity to vote.
The Debtor requests that the Bankruptcy Court authorize it to reimburse such
entities for their reasonable, actual and necessary out-of-pocket expenses
incurred in performing the tasks described above upon written request by such
entities (subject to the Court's retaining jurisdiction to resolve any disputes
over any request for such reimbursement).

         50. The Debtor proposes that no Solicitation Packages or other notices
need be transmitted to (i) holders of claims listed on the Debtor's Schedules
that have already been paid in full during these cases or that are authorized to
be paid in full in the ordinary course of business pursuant to orders previously
entered by the Bankruptcy Court, or (ii) any person to whom the Debtor mailed a
notice of the meeting of creditors under Bankruptcy Code section 341 and such
notice was returned marked "undeliverable" or "moved - no forwarding address" or
for a similar reason, unless the Debtor have been informed in writing by such
person of that person's new address.

     E. CONTENTS AND TRANSMITTAL OF
        SOLICITATION PACKAGES TO HOLDERS OF
        CONTINGENT, UNLIQUIDATED OR DISPUTED CLAIMS

         51. Bankruptcy Rule 3003(c)(2) provides in relevant part that "[any
creditor . . . whose claim or interest is not scheduled or scheduled as
disputed, contingent, or unliquidated . . . who fails to [timely file a proof of
claim] shall not be treated as a creditor with respect to such claim for the
purposes of voting and distribution."

         52. For all persons or entities who are listed on the Debtor's
Schedules as having a claim or a portion of a claim which is disputed,
unliquidated or contingent or which is

                                       18
<PAGE>

scheduled as zero or unknown in amount or who filed a proof claim prior to the
Solicitation Date reflecting a claim or portion of a claim that is disputed,
unliquidated or contingent, the Debtor proposes to distribute a Solicitation
Package that contains, in lieu of a ballot and the Confirmation Hearing Notice,
a notice in substantially the form attached to the proposed Solicitation
Procedures Order as EXHIBIT G (the "Notice of Disputed Claim Status"). The
Notice of Disputed Claim Status informs such person or entity that their claim
has been identified as disputed, contingent, or unliquidated or that it is
scheduled as zero or unknown in amount. The Notice of Disputed Claim Status also
informs such person or entity that absent having filed a Rule 3018(a) Motion in
the manner and by the deadline described in paragraphs 35 through 38 above, they
are precluded from submitting a vote with respect to such claim. Such persons
will be instructed in the notice to contact the Voting Agent to receive a ballot
for any such claim if a Rule 3018(a) Motion is timely filed.

         53. Nothing in these procedures is intended to affect the Debtor's
right to object to any proof of claim. The Debtor requests that any claim as to
which a separate objection, whether to the entire claim or a portion thereof,
has been filed before MARCH 20, 2003(8) not be entitled to vote on the Plan and
shall not be counted in determining whether the requirements of Bankruptcy Code
section 1126(c) have been met unless (i) such claim has been temporarily allowed
for voting purposes pursuant to Bankruptcy Rule 3018(a) and in accordance with
the proposed Solicitation Procedures Order, or (ii) on or before the Voting
Deadline (defined below), the objection to such claim has been resolved in favor
of the creditor asserting the claim.


___________________

(8)  This date gives any such creditor ample time to file a Rule 3018(a) Motion
     before the Voting Deadline.

                                       19
<PAGE>

     VIII. VOTING PROCEDURES

         54. PROCEDURES FOR VOTE TABULATION. So as to avoid uncertainty, to
provide guidance to the Debtor and the Voting Agent, and to avoid the potential
for inconsistent results, the Debtor requests that the Bankruptcy Court,
pursuant to Bankruptcy Code section 105(a), establish the guidelines set forth
below for tabulating the vote to accept or reject the Plan.

         55. VOTES COUNTED. The Debtor proposes that any ballot timely received,
properly executed, containing sufficient information to permit the
identification of the claimant and cast as either an acceptance or rejection of
the Plan, will be counted and will be deemed to be cast as an acceptance or
rejection, as the case may be, of the Plan. The Debtor requests that the
Bankruptcy Court order that each Record Holder or beneficial owner of the Senior
Notes will be deemed to have voted the full principal amount of its claim
relating to such Senior Notes, notwithstanding anything to the contrary on the
ballot.

         56. VOTES NOT COUNTED. The Debtor proposes that the following ballots
not be counted or considered for any purpose in determining whether the Plan has
been accepted or rejected:

         (a) Any ballot received after the Voting Deadline, even if postmarked
     before the Voting Deadline;

         (b) Any ballot that is illegible, or contains insufficient information
     to permit the identification of the claimant;

         (c) Any ballot that indicates neither an acceptance nor a rejection, or
     indicates both an acceptance and rejection, of the Plan;

         (d) Any ballot cast by a person or entity that does not hold a claim in
     a class that is entitled to vote to accept or reject the Plan;

         (e) Any unsigned ballot;

         (f) Any form of ballot other than the official form sent by the Voting
     Agent or a copy thereof;

                                       20
<PAGE>

         (g) Any copy of a ballot without an original signature; and/or

         (h) Any ballot that is sent by facsimile transmission or via electronic
     mail.

         57. CHANGING VOTES. Notwithstanding Bankruptcy Rule 3018(a), the Debtor
proposes that whenever two or more ballots (including Master Ballots) are cast
voting the same claim prior to the Voting Deadline, the ballot dated latest, but
received prior to the Voting Deadline, will be deemed to reflect the voter's
intent, and thus, to supersede any prior ballots, without prejudice to the
Debtor's right to object to the validity of the second ballot, if otherwise in
compliance with the provisions set forth herein, on any basis permitted by law,
including under Bankruptcy Rule 3018(a) and, if the objection is sustained, to
count the first ballot for all purposes. This procedure of counting the last
ballot received is consistent with practice under various state and federal
corporate and securities laws. Moreover, it will spare the Bankruptcy Court and
the Debtor the time and expense of responding to motions under Bankruptcy Rule
3018(a) attempting to show cause for changing votes.

         58. NO DIVISION OF CLAIMS, INTERESTS OR VOTES. The Debtor proposes that
the Bankruptcy Court clarify that creditors may not divide their claims or
interests, or the votes associated therewith (except as it may relate to the
procedures with respect to Master Ballots), and order that holders of claims or
interests who vote, must vote all of their claims or interests within a
particular class either to accept or reject the Plan. The Debtor further
proposes that a ballot partially accepting and partially rejecting the Plan or
ballots voted inconsistently shall not be counted for any purposes.

         59. PROCEDURES FOR COUNTING BALLOTS FROM HOLDERS OF SENIOR NOTES. The
Debtor proposes that all Record Holders through which beneficial owners hold
Senior Notes be required to receive and summarize on a Master Ballot all
Beneficial Owner Ballots cast by the beneficial owners they serve and then
return the Master Ballot to the Voting Agent. The Debtor

                                       21
<PAGE>

further proposes that Record Holders be required to retain for inspection by the
Bankruptcy Court the ballots cast by beneficial owners for one year following
the Voting Deadline.

         60. To avoid double counting, the Debtor proposes that (i) votes cast
by beneficial owners holding Senior Notes through a Record Holder and
transmitted by means of a Master Ballot, be applied against the positions held
by such Record Holder with respect to the Senior Notes, and (ii) that votes
submitted by a Record Holder on a Master Ballot not be counted in excess of the
position maintained by the respective Record Holder on the Record Date in the
Senior Notes.

         61. To the extent that conflicting, double or over-votes are submitted,
the Debtor proposes that the Voting Agent attempt to resolve the conflicting,
double or over-vote prior to the Voting Deadline in order to ensure that the
votes of beneficial owners of Senior Notes are accurately tabulated.

         62. To the extent that conflicting, double or over-votes on a Master
Ballot are not reconcilable prior to the Voting Deadline, the Debtor proposes
that the Voting Agent be directed to count votes in respect of such Master
Ballot in the same proportion as the votes to accept and reject the Plan
submitted on the Master Ballot that contained the conflicting, double or
over-vote, but only to the extent of the respective Record Holder's position on
the Record Date in the Senior Notes.

         63. Banks and brokerage firms generally vote on behalf of the
beneficial owners or entitlement holders for whom they hold securities, and the
Master Ballots that they fill out merely reflect the voting instructions given
by those beneficial owners or entitlement holders. Thus, banks and brokerage
firms (or agents therefor) should be authorized to complete multiple Master
Ballots, and the votes reflected by such multiple Master Ballots should be
counted,

                                       22
<PAGE>

except to the extent that they are duplicative of other Master Ballots. For the
same reasons as set forth above for allowing subsequently filed ballots to
supersede previously filed ballots, the Bankruptcy Court should order that, if
two or more Master Ballots submitted are inconsistent in whole or in part, the
latest Master Ballot received prior to the Voting Deadline will, to the extent
of such inconsistency, supersede and revoke any prior Master Ballot. The Debtor
will retain their right to object to the validity of the second Master Ballot on
any basis permitted by law, including under Bankruptcy Rule 3018(a) and, if such
objection is sustained, the first Master Ballot will then be counted.

         64. COPIES AND REVIEW OF DOCUMENTS. Any party in interest wishing to
obtain a copy of the Disclosure Statement, the Plan, this Motion or the proposed
order, or any of the attachments of the foregoing, may request such copies at
the Debtor's expense by contacting the Voting Agent, InnisFree M&A Incorporated,
501 Madison Avenue, 20th Floor, New York, NY 10022, (877) 750-2689, or
undersigned counsel to the Debtor.

         65. Any party in interest wishing to review the Plan or the Disclosure
Statement may arrange to review the Plan and Disclosure Statement at the offices
the Debtor's counsel: Kaye Scholer LLC, 70 W. Madison Street, Suite 4100,
Chicago, IL 60602 (by contacting Michelle Mackin at (312) 583-2300), or Duane
Morris LLP, 1100 North Market Street, Suite 1200, Wilmington, DE 19801-1246 (by
contacting William K. Harrington, Esq. at (302) 657-4900).

                                       23
<PAGE>




         WHEREFORE, the Debtor respectfully requests that the Bankruptcy Court
enter an order (i) granting the relief requested herein and (ii) granting such
other and further relief as is just and proper.

Dated: Wilmington, Delaware
       January 31, 2003

                                        Respectfully submitted,

                                        NUTRITIONAL SOURCING CORPORATION



                                        By:
                                           -------------------------------------
                                        One of its Attorneys

                                        KAYE SCHOLER LLC
                                        Michael B. Solow (#6188259 Illinois Bar)
                                        Harold D. Israel (#6216289 Illinois Bar)
                                        70 W. Madison Street, Suite 4100
                                        Chicago, IL 60602
                                        Telephone: (312) 583-2300
                                        Facsimile: (312) 583-2360

                                        -and-

                                        DUANE MORRIS LLP
                                        Richard W. Riley (DE I.D. No. 4052)
                                        William K. Harrington (DE I.D. No. 4051)
                                        1100 North Market Street, Suite 1200
                                        Wilmington, DE   19801-1246
                                        Telephone:  (302) 657-4900
                                        Facsimile:  (302) 657-4901


                                       24
<PAGE>




                         UNITED STATES BANKRUPTCY COURT
                          FOR THE DISTRICT OF DELAWARE



IN RE:                               )    CASE NO. 02-12550 PJW
                                     )
NUTRITIONAL SOURCING CORPORATION,    )
                                     )    CHAPTER 11
                                     )
                    DEBTOR.          )


              ORDER (I) APPROVING PROCEDURES AND MATERIALS EMPLOYED
            TO PROVIDE NOTICE OF THE DISCLOSURE STATEMENT HEARING AND
           CONFIRMATION HEARING, (II) APPROVING DISCLOSURE STATEMENT,
               (III) ESTABLISHING RECORD DATE AND VOTING DEADLINE,
                (IV) DETERMINING TREATMENT OF CERTAIN CLAIMS AND
                  INTERESTS FOR NOTICE AND VOTING PURPOSES, AND
             (V) APPROVING SOLICITATION PROCEDURES FOR CONFIRMATION

                  Upon the motion, dated January 31, 2003 (the "Solicitation
Procedures Motion"),(1) of Nutritional Sourcing Corporation as debtor and debtor
in possession in the above-captioned cases (the "Debtor"), seeking an order (i)
approving procedures and materials employed to provide notice of the Disclosure
Statement hearing and the confirmation hearing, (ii) approving Disclosure
Statement, (iii) establishing a record date and voting deadline, (iv)
determining the treatment of certain claims and interests for notice and voting
purposes, and (v) approving solicitation procedures for confirmation; and the
Bankruptcy Court having reviewed the Disclosure Statement, the Solicitation
Procedures Motion, and any unresolved objections thereto; and all timely filed
objections to the Disclosure Statement and/or the Solicitation Procedures Motion
having been consensually resolved or overruled by the Bankruptcy Court; and due
notice of the Motion having been provided to (i) the Office of the United States
Trustee for the District


___________________

(1)  Unless otherwise defined, capitalized terms used herein shall have the
     meanings ascribed to them in the Solicitation Procedures Motion.

<PAGE>


of Delaware, (ii) counsel to the Official Committee of Unsecured Creditors, and
(iii) each party that has properly filed a notice of appearance and a request
for service of all documents herein; it appearing that no other or further
notice need be provided; and upon the record of the Disclosure Statement Hearing
and these chapter 11 cases; and the Bankruptcy Court having determined that the
relief requested is in the best interests of the Debtor, its estates, creditors
and other parties-in-interest; after due deliberation thereon and good cause
appearing therefor,

                IT IS HEREBY ORDERED, ADJUDGED AND DECREED THAT:

I. APPROVAL OF DISCLOSURE STATEMENT AND
   FORM AND MANNER OF NOTICE RELATED THERETO

                  1. Pursuant to Bankruptcy Rules 3017(a) and (b), the
Disclosure Statement, dated as of January 31, 2003, is approved as containing
adequate information within the meaning of Bankruptcy Code section 1125(a), and
to the extent not withdrawn, settled or otherwise resolved, all objections to
the Disclosure Statement are overruled.

                  2. Pursuant to Bankruptcy Rules 2002(b) and (d), the
Disclosure Statement Notice, attached hereto as EXHIBIT A, is hereby approved as
containing all necessary and appropriate information regarding the Disclosure
Statement hearing and the manner and deadlines for filing objections to the
Disclosure Statement and the Solicitation Procedures Motion.

II. CONFIRMATION HEARING DATE

                  1. The hearing (the "Confirmation Hearing") to consider
confirmation of the Plan, as the same may be further modified or amended, shall
commence on APRIL 30, 2003 AT 1:30 P.M. (EST), before the Honorable Peter J.
Walsh, United States Bankruptcy Judge, in the Bankruptcy Court for the District
of Delaware, 824 Market Street, 6th Floor, Wilmington, Delaware. The
Confirmation Hearing may be continued from time to time by announcing such

                                       2
<PAGE>

continuance in open court, and the Plan may be further modified, if necessary,
pursuant to 11 U.S.C.ss. 1127 prior to, during, or as a result of the
Confirmation Hearing, without further notice to parties in interest.

III. DEADLINE AND PROCEDURES FOR FILING
     OBJECTIONS TO CONFIRMATION AND APPROVAL
     OF FORM AND MANNER OF NOTICE RELATED THERETO

                  1. APRIL 18, 2003 AT 4:00 P.M. (EST) (the "Confirmation
Objection Deadline"), is fixed as the last date and time for filing and serving
objections to confirmation of the Plan.

                  2. In order to be considered, objections (if any) to
confirmation of the Plan must: (i) be made in writing, (ii) comply with the
Bankruptcy Code, the Bankruptcy Rules and the Local Rules, (iii) set forth the
name of the objector, and the nature and amount of any claim or interest
asserted by the objector against or in the Debtor, its estates or property, (iv)
state with particularity the legal and factual bases for the objection,
including specific reference to the text of the Plan to which the objection is
made and (v) be filed with the Bankruptcy Court, together with proof of service,
and served by personal service, overnight delivery, first class mail or
facsimile, so as to be RECEIVED no later than the Confirmation Objection
Deadline by the Notice Parties (as designated in the Confirmation Notice).
Objections not timely filed and served in accordance with these procedures shall
not be considered and shall be deemed overruled.

                  3. Pursuant to Bankruptcy Rules 3017(d) and 2002(b) and (d),
the Confirmation Notice, attached hereto as EXHIBITS B, is hereby approved as
containing all necessary and appropriate information regarding the Confirmation
Hearing and the manner and deadlines for filing objections to confirmation of
the Plan.

                                       3
<PAGE>

IV. RECORD DATE

                  4. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Bankruptcy Rule
3017(d), MARCH 4, 2003 AT 5:00 P.M. (EST) is hereby established as the record
date (the "Record Date") for purposes of determining which members of Class 2
are entitled to receive a Solicitation Package and to vote on the Plan.

V. VOTING DEADLINE

                  5. APRIL 18, 2003 AT 5:00 P.M. (EST) is fixed as the deadline
(the "Voting Deadline") by which all ballots accepting or rejecting the Plan
must be RECEIVED by the Voting Agent at the following address:

                  InnisFree M&A Incorporated
                  501 Madison Avenue
                  20th Floor
                  New York, NY 10022
                  Telephone: (877) 750-2689

Ballots not received by the Voting Deadline will not be counted. The Voting
Agent shall not accept any ballot transmitted via facsimile or electronic mail.
Any holder that votes in favor of the Plan shall be deemed to have consented to
the all the terms of the Plan, including, but not limited to, the Committee's
right to issue or withdraw the Direction Letter. Upon mutual agreement with the
Committee, the Debtor shall have the right to extend the Voting Deadline if the
need should arise.

VI. TEMPORARY ALLOWANCE OF
    CLAIMS FOR VOTING PURPOSES

                  6. Pursuant to Bankruptcy Code section 105(a) and Bankruptcy
Rule 3018(a), APRIL 1, 2003 AT 4:00 P.M. (EST) (the "Rule 3018 Motion Deadline")
is fixed as the deadline for any creditor to file and serve a motion pursuant to
Bankruptcy Rule 3018(a) (the "Rule 3018(a) Motions") seeking temporary allowance
of a claim for voting purposes.

                                       4
<PAGE>

                  7. Rule 3018(a) Motions must be filed and served on the Notice
Parties so as to be RECEIVED no later than the Rule 3018(a) Motion Deadline.
Rule 3018(a) Motions that are not timely filed and served in the manner as set
forth above shall not be considered and, except as otherwise provided herein,
the claims referred to therein shall not be counted in determining whether the
Plan has been accepted or rejected.

                  8. Any party timely filing and serving a Rule 3018(a) Motion
shall be provided a ballot and shall be permitted to cast a provisional vote to
accept or reject the Plan. If, and to the extent that, the Debtor and such party
are unable to resolve the issues raised by the Rule 3018(a) Motion, the Debtor
requests that all such Rule 3018(a) Motions be considered at the omnibus hearing
scheduled for APRIL 11, 2003 AT 10:30 A.M. (EASTERN STANDARD TIME.

VII. APPROVAL OF VOTING AGENT

                  9. Innisfree M&A Incorporated ("Innisfree") and its designated
agents (the "Voting Agent") are hereby authorized to act as the Debtor's special
noticing, tabulation and balloting agent in connection with the solicitation and
tabulation of votes on the Plan as described in the Solicitation Procedures
Motion. Innisfree shall be compensated for performing the duties as Voting Agent
in accordance with the order approving the Innisfree Application and appointing
Innisfree as Voting Agent to assist the Debtor in mailing solicitation packages
and notices, receiving and tabulating ballots cast on the Plan, and to certify
to the Bankruptcy Court the results of the balloting.

VIII. APPROVAL OF SOLICITATION
      PACKAGES, PROCEDURES AND BALLOTS

         A. CONTENTS AND TRANSMITTAL
            OF SOLICITATION PACKAGES

                  10. On or before MARCH 20, 2003 (the "Solicitation Date"), the
Debtor shall cause the Voting Agent to transmit to (i) the holders of claims in
Class 2 (as of the Record Date),

                                       5
<PAGE>

subject to the limitations contained elsewhere in this Order, (ii) the indenture
trustee for the Senior Notes Indentures (iii) the 2002 List and (iv) the United
States Trustee, by first class mail, postage prepaid, a solicitation packet (the
"Solicitation Package") containing:

                  (a) the Confirmation Hearing Notice, in substantially the form
         attached hereto AS EXHIBIT B;

                  (b) the Disclosure Statement;

                  (c) the Plan (as Appendix A to the Disclosure Statement);

                  (d) a ballot (and pre-addressed, postage prepaid return
         envelope) appropriate for the specific creditor or interest holder, in
         substantially the form of the proposed ballots attached hereto as
         EXHIBITS F-1 THROUGH F-2, which forms of ballots are hereby approved;
         and

                  (e) this Order.

         11. Only those persons holding claims in Class 2 (i) who have filed
timely proofs of claims that have not been disallowed by an order of the
Bankruptcy Court entered on or before the Record Date, or (ii) whose claims are
scheduled on the Schedules, shall receive a Solicitation Package. Creditors who
have filed duplicate claims in any given class shall receive only one
Solicitation Package and one ballot for voting their claims with respect to that
class.

         B. PROCEDURES FOR TRANSMITTAL OF SOLICITATION
            PACKAGES TO HOLDERS OF CLASS 2 CLAIMS

                  12. IDENTIFICATION OF BENEFICIAL HOLDERS. All known Record
Holders of the Senior Notes shall provide the Voting Agent with the addresses of
all beneficial owners of such Senior Notes for whom such Record Holders hold the
Senior Notes (as of the Record Date) in electronic format on or before MARCH 10,
2003.

                  13. Record Holders failing to provide such information shall
send the appropriate solicitation materials, in a manner customary in the
securities industry, so as to

                                       6
<PAGE>

maximize the likelihood that beneficial owners of the Senior Notes will receive
the materials and be given the opportunity to vote on the Disclosure Statement
in a timely fashion.

                  14. Transmittal of the Solicitation Packages to holders of the
Senior Notes shall be made as follows: the Solicitation Packages shall be mailed
by first-class mail, no later than the Solicitation Date, to (i) each beneficial
holder of the Senior Notes (as of the Record Date) for which the Voting Agent
has received addresses in electronic format from the applicable Record Holders
(or their agents), and (ii) each Record Holder (or its agent) identified by the
Voting Agent or its designated agent as an entity through which beneficial
owners hold or held the Senior Notes as of the Record Date and from which the
Voting Agent has not received addresses in electronic format.

                  15. Each Record Holder through which beneficial owners hold
Senior Notes as of the Record Date and who fail to provide the Voting Agent or
its designated agent with addresses of beneficial holders in electronic format,
shall promptly distribute the Solicitation Packages to the beneficial owners for
whom they hold or held the Senior Notes.

                  16. The Solicitation Packages to be transmitted to beneficial
holders of the Senior Notes by Record Holders will include a ballot for the
beneficial owners (the "Beneficial Owner Ballot"), substantially in the form of
EXHIBITS F-1, attached hereto, and a return envelope provided by, and addressed
to, the requisite Record Holders (or their agents) of the beneficial owners. The
Record Holders (or their agents) shall summarize the individual votes of their
beneficial owners from the Beneficial Owner Ballots on a master ballot (the
"Master Ballot"), to be provided to them by the Debtor in substantially the form
attached hereto as EXHIBIT F-2. The Record Holders (or their agents) shall then
return the Master Ballot to the Voting Agent by the Voting Deadline.

                                       7
<PAGE>

                  17. The Debtor shall serve a copy of the Solicitation
Procedures Motion and this Order on each of the Record Holders (or their agents)
identified by the Debtor and the Voting Agent or its designated agent as an
entity through which beneficial owners hold the Senior Notes. In addition, the
Debtor shall, upon written request, reimburse such entities for their
reasonable, actual, and necessary out-of-pocket expenses incurred in performing
the tasks described above; provided, however, that the Bankruptcy Court shall
retain jurisdiction to resolve any disputes over any request for such
reimbursement.

                  18. No Solicitation Packages or other notices shall be
transmitted to (i) holders of claims listed on the Debtor's schedules that have
already been paid in full during these cases or that are authorized to be paid
in full in the ordinary course of business pursuant to orders previously entered
by the Bankruptcy Court, or (ii) any person to whom the Debtor mailed a notice
of the meeting of creditors under Bankruptcy Code section 341 and such notice
was returned marked "undeliverable" or "moved - no forwarding address" or for a
similar reason, unless the Debtor have been informed in writing by such person
of that person's new address.

         C. NOTICE TO UNIMPAIRED CREDITORS AND NON-VOTING
            HOLDERS OF INSIDER CLAIMS AND EQUITY SECURITY INTERESTS

                  19. In lieu of Solicitation Packages, the Debtor shall mail,
or cause to be mailed, by first class mail, (i) to the Unimpaired Creditors, a
copy of the Notice of Non-Voting Status with Respect to Unimpaired Classes, in
substantially the form attached hereto as EXHIBIT C, which form is hereby
approved, (ii) to Non-Voting holders of Insider Claims, a copy of the Notice of
Non-Voting Status With Respect to Nutritional Sourcing Corporation Impaired
Class "4," in the form attached to the proposed Solicitation Procedures Order as
EXHIBIT D, which form is hereby approved, and (iii) to Non-Voting holder of the
Equity Security Interest, a copy of the Notice of Non-Voting Status With Respect
to Nutritional Sourcing Corporation Class

                                       8
<PAGE>

"5," in the form attached to the proposed Solicitation Procedures Order as
EXHIBIT E, which form is hereby approved. Such notices provide: (i) notice of
the approval of the Disclosure Statement, (ii) notice of the filing of the Plan,
(iii) instructions regarding the various ways to obtain and/or view copies of
the Disclosure Statement and Plan and other documents, (iv) information
regarding the Confirmation Hearing and (v) detailed directions for filing
confirmation objections by the Confirmation Objection Deadline, and satisfy the
requirements of Bankruptcy Rule 3017(d) with respect to the recipients of such
notices.

         D. CONTENTS AND TRANSMITTAL OF SOLICITATION
            PACKAGES TO HOLDERS OF CONTINGENT,
            UNLIQUIDATED OR DISPUTED CLAIMS

                  20. Pursuant to Bankruptcy Code section 105(a) and Bankruptcy
Rule 3003(c)(2), persons or entities listed on the Debtor's Schedules as having
a claim or a portion of a claim that is listed as being disputed, unliquidated
or contingent or that is scheduled as zero or unknown in amount or who filed a
proof claim prior to the Solicitation Date reflecting a claim or portion of a
claim that is disputed, unliquidated or contingent, shall receive a Solicitation
Package which contains, in lieu of a ballot and the Confirmation Hearing Notice,
the Disputed Claim Status notice, in substantially the form attached hereto as
EXHIBIT G, which form is hereby approved, informing such person or entity that
(i) their claim has been identified as disputed, contingent, or unliquidated or
that it is scheduled as zero or unknown in amount and (ii) absent having filed a
Rule 3018(a) Motion, in the manner and by the deadline described below, they are
precluded from submitting a vote with respect to such claim.

                  21. Nothing in these procedures shall affect the Debtor's
right to object to any proof of claim, and any claim as to which a separate
objection, whether to the entire claim or a portion thereof, has been filed
before MARCH 20, 2003 shall not be entitled to vote on the Plan and shall not be
counted in determining whether the requirements of Bankruptcy Code

                                       9
<PAGE>

section 1126(c) have been met unless (i) such claim has been temporarily allowed
for voting purposes pursuant to Bankruptcy Rule 3018(a) and in accordance with
this Order, or (ii) on or before the Voting Deadline (defined below), the
objection to such claim has been resolved in favor of the creditor asserting the
claim.

IX. VOTING PROCEDURES

                  22. VOTES COUNTED. Any ballot timely received, properly
executed, containing sufficient information to permit the identification of the
claimant and cast as either an acceptance or rejection of the Plan, will be
counted and will be deemed to be cast as an acceptance or rejection, as the case
may be, of the Plan. Each Record Holder or beneficial holder of the Senior Notes
shall be deemed to have noted the full principal amount of its claim,
notwithstanding anything to the contrary on the ballot.

                  23. VOTES NOT COUNTED. Unless otherwise ordered by this
Bankruptcy Court after notice and a hearing, the following ballots shall not be
counted or considered for any purpose in determining whether the Plan has been
accepted or rejected:

                  (a) Any ballot received after the Voting Deadline, even if
         even if postmarked before the Voting Deadline;

                  (b) Any ballot that is illegible, or contains insufficient
         information to permit the identification of the claimant;

                  (c) Any ballot that indicates neither an acceptance nor a
         rejection, or indicates both an acceptance and rejection, of the Plan;

                  (d) Any ballot cast by a person or entity that does not hold a
         claim in a class that is entitled to vote to accept or reject the Plan;

                  (e) Any unsigned ballot;

                  (f) Any form of ballot other than the official form sent by
         the Voting Agent or a copy thereof;

                  (g) Any copy of a ballot without an original signature; and/or

                                       10
<PAGE>

                  (h) Any ballot that is sent by facsimile transmission or via
         electronic mail (except a Master Ballot followed by a hard copy).

                  24. CHANGING VOTES. Whenever two or more ballots (including
Master Ballots) are cast voting the same claim prior to the Voting Deadline, the
ballot dated latest, but received prior to the Voting Deadline shall be deemed
to reflect the voter's intent, and thus, to supersede any prior ballots;
PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that nothing herein shall affect the Debtor's right to object
to the validity of the second ballot, if otherwise in compliance with provisions
set forth herein, on any basis permitted by law, including under Bankruptcy Rule
3018(a). Where such objection is sustained, the first ballot shall be counted
for all purposes.

                  25. NO DIVISION OF CLAIMS, INTERESTS OR VOTES. Creditors shall
not divide their claims or interests, or the votes associated therewith (except
as it may relate to the procedures with respect to Master Ballots), and holders
of claims or interests who vote, must vote all of their claims or interests
within a particular class either to accept or reject the Plan. Any ballot
partially accepting and partially rejecting the Plan or ballots voted
inconsistently shall not be counted for any purposes.

                  26. COUNTING BALLOTS FROM BENEFICIAL HOLDERS OF SENIOR NOTES.
All Record Holders (or their agents) through which beneficial owners hold Senior
Notes are directed to receive and summarize on a Master Ballot all Beneficial
Owner Ballots cast by the beneficial owners for which they serve and then return
the Master Ballot to the Voting Agent.

                  27. All Record Holders shall retain for inspection by the
Bankruptcy Court the ballots cast by beneficial owners for one year following
the Voting Deadline.

                  28. Votes cast by beneficial owners of Senior Notes through
Record Holders (or their agents) and transmitted by means of a Master Ballot
shall be applied against the positions held by such Record Holder. Votes
submitted by a Record Holder (or their agents)

                                       11
<PAGE>

on a Master Ballot shall not be counted in excess of the position maintained by
the respective Record Holder on the Record Date in the Senior Notes.

                  29. To the extent that conflicting, double or over-votes are
submitted on a Master Ballot, the Voting Agent shall attempt to resolve the
conflicting, double or over-votes prior to the Voting Deadline, in order to
ensure that the votes of beneficial owners of Senior Notes are accurately
tabulated.

                  30. To the extent that conflicting, double or over-votes on a
Master Ballot are not reconcilable prior to the Voting Deadline, the Voting
Agent shall count votes in respect of such Master Ballot in the same proportion
as the votes to accept and reject the Plan submitted on the Master Ballot that
contained the conflicting, double or over-votes, but only to the extent of the
respective Record Holder's position on the Record Date in the Senior Notes.

                  31. Record Holders (or agents thereof) are authorized to
complete multiple Master Ballots, and the votes reflected by such multiple
Master Ballots shall be counted, except to the extent that they are duplicative
of other Master Ballots. If two or more Master Ballots submitted are
inconsistent in whole or in part, the latest Master Ballot received prior to the
Voting Deadline shall, to the extent of such inconsistency, supersede and revoke
any prior Master Ballot; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that nothing herein shall affect the
Debtor's right to object to the validity of the second Master Ballot on any
basis permitted by law, including under Bankruptcy Rule 3018(a). If such
objection is sustained, the first Master Ballot shall be counted for all
purposes.

                  32. Each Record Holder or beneficial owner of Senior Notes
shall be deemed to have voted the full principal amount of its claim relating to
such Senior Notes, notwithstanding anything to the contrary on any ballot.

                                       12
<PAGE>

X. SERVICE AND NOTICE ADEQUATE AND SUFFICIENT

                  33. Service of all notices and documents described herein,
including the Disclosure Statement, the Disclosure Statement Notice, the
Confirmation Notice, and the Solicitation Procedures Motion, in the time and
manner as set forth in the Solicitation Procedures Motion or this Order, shall
be adequate and sufficient and no other or further notice shall be necessary.

XI. COPIES AND REVIEW OF DOCUMENTS

                  34. Copies of the Disclosure Statement, the Plan, the
Solicitation Procedures Motion and this Order, or any of the attachments of the
foregoing, may be requested by any party in interest, at the Debtor's expense,
by contacting the Voting Agent, InnisFree M&A Incorporated, 501 Madison Avenue,
20th Floor, New York, NY 10022, (877) 750-2689, or undersigned counsel to the
Debtor.

                  35. Any party in interest wishing to review the Plan or the
Disclosure Statement may arrange to review the Plan and Disclosure Statement at
the offices of Debtor's counsel: Kaye Scholer LLC, 70 W. Madison Street, Suite
4100, Chicago, IL 60602 (by contacting Michelle Mackin at (312) 583-2300), or
Duane Morris LLP, 1100 North Market

                                       13
<PAGE>

Street, Suite 1200, Wilmington, DE 19801-1246 (by contacting William K.
Harrington, Esq. at (302) 657-4900).

Dated:_______________________, 2003
        Wilmington, Delaware

                                              ------------------------------
                                              UNITED STATES BANKRUPTCY JUDGE

                                       14

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
