<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.4
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>g80720exv99w4.txt
<DESCRIPTION>APPENDIX C TO DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                    Exhibit 99.4


                                JANUARY 17, 2003

THIS OUTLINE IS NOT AN OFFER WITH RESPECT TO ANY SECURITIES OR SOLICITATION OF
ACCEPTANCES OF A CHAPTER 11 PLAN. SUCH OFFER OR SOLICITATION ONLY WILL BE MADE
IN COMPLIANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS AND/OR PROVISIONS OF THE
BANKRUPTCY CODE.

                        NUTRITIONAL SOURCING CORPORATION
                               SUMMARY OF TERMS OF
                             PROPOSED RESTRUCTURING

         This Summary of Terms describes certain of the principal terms of a
proposed restructuring of certain of the outstanding indebtedness and
liabilities of, and equity interests in, Nutritional Sourcing Corporation, a
Delaware corporation (the "Company" or "NSC"). It is contemplated that the
reorganization described herein will be implemented through a reorganization
plan for the Company (the "PLAN") under chapter 11 of title 11 of the United
States Code, 11 U.S.C. ss.ss. 101 ET SEQ. (the "BANKRUPTCY CODE"). This Summary
of Terms shall not constituTe or be deemed to constitute a legally binding
commitment on the part of the Administrative Agent (as defined below) or any
Lender nor shall it be construed as an undertaking by the Administrative Agent
or any Bank to issue or arrange a commitment (including without limitation, with
respect to any of the financings contemplated hereunder). This Summary of Terms
is for discussion purposes only.

I. CLASSIFICATION AND TREATMENT OF CLAIMS AND INTERESTS

A. Unclassified Claims (not entitled to vote)

   Administrative Claims:

   Approximately $__ million         On the Plan effective date (the "EFFECTIVE
                                     DATE"), or as soon thereafter as
                                     practicable, each holder of an Allowed
                                     Administrative Claim will either receive
                                     payment in full in cash of the unpaid
                                     portion of such Allowed Administrative
                                     Claim or have such Allowed Administrative
                                     Claim reinstated based upon its existing
                                     terms.

   Priority Tax Claims:

   Approximately $_____              At the option of the Company, either (i)
                                     each Allowed Priority Tax Claim will remain
                                     unaltered with respect to all the legal,
                                     equitable and contractual rights to which
                                     such Allowed Priority Tax Claim entitles
                                     the holder thereof, (ii) each holder of an
                                     Allowed Priority Tax Claim will receive
                                     payment in full (in cash) on the Effective
                                     Date, or as soon thereafter as practicable,

<PAGE>

                                     or (iii) each holder of an Allowed Priority
                                     Tax Claim will receive payment over a
                                     six-year period from the date of assessment
                                     as provided in section 1129(a)(9)(C) of the
                                     Bankruptcy Code with interest payable at
                                     the lowest rate per annum permitted by
                                     applicable provisions of the Bankruptcy
                                     Code.

B. Unimpaired Claims (deemed to accept)


   Class 1 - Bank Claims (Guaranty)

   Approximately $30 million plus
   $3.9 million of L/C's             Class 1 includes all claims ("Bank Claims"
                                     or "Prepetition Bank Obligations") against
                                     the Company (including principal and
                                     interest accrued at the non-default rate
                                     through the Petition Date) based upon the
                                     certain Amended and Restated Credit
                                     Agreement dated April 29, 1997 (the
                                     "Prepetition Credit Agreement") by and
                                     among the administrative agent (the
                                     "Administrative Agent"), the lenders
                                     parties thereto and their successors and
                                     assigns (collectively, the "Lenders" or the
                                     "Bank Group"), the Company and certain of
                                     the Company's subsidiaries.

                                     On the Effective Date or such earlier date
                                     as the Prepetition Bank Obligations shall
                                     have been satisfied in full, the
                                     Prepetition Credit Agreement shall be
                                     terminated and the Bank Group's secured
                                     guaranty claim and all related liens shall
                                     be released.

                                     Unless otherwise agreed to by any holder of
                                     a Bank Claim and the Company, at the
                                     Company's election made on or prior to the
                                     Effective Date or such earlier date as the
                                     Bank Claims shall have been satisfied in
                                     full, with respect to each Bank Claim (a)
                                     the legal, equitable and contractual rights
                                     to which the Bank Claim entitles the holder
                                     of such Bank Claim will remain unaltered,
                                     or (b) upon the effective date of the
                                     Post-Confirmation Credit Agreement, each
                                     holder of an Allowed Bank Claim shall be
                                     paid in full in cash the amount of its
                                     Allowed Claim (other than that portion of
                                     any Bank Claim arising under an outstanding
                                     letter of credit which shall be satisfied
                                     by the replacement, reinstatement or
                                     cash-collateralization thereto in
                                     accordance with the terms

                                       2

<PAGE>

                                     of the Prepetition Credit Agreement or as
                                     otherwise agreed between the Company and
                                     such holder).(1)

C. Impaired Claims (entitled to vote)

   Class 2 - (Senior Note            Class 2 includes all claims against the
   Claims (9 1/2%                    Company (including principal and interest
   Senior Note Claims                accrued at the non-default rate through the
   Approximately $177.3 million      Petition Date) based upon the Company's
   (plus accrued interest)           9.50% Senior Notes due 2003 (the "Existing
                                     Notes") (the holders of such notes shall be
                                     referred to as "Noteholders" and their
                                     claims as "Existing Noteholder Claims")
                                     pursuant to those certain Indentures dated
                                     July 28, 1993 and April 29, 1997
                                     (collectively, the "Senior Note
                                     Indentures").

   Class 3 - Common Equity
    Interests                        Class 3 includes the outstanding Common
                                     Stock of the Company.



D. Treatment:

   Class 2 - Senior Note Claims
                                     Class 2 Claims to be compromised, and shall
                                     be allowed in the amount of the outstanding
                                     obligations under the Senior Note
                                     Indentures in the approximate amount of
                                     $177.3 million (plus accrued interest).

                                     On the Effective Date, or as soon
                                     thereafter as practicable or such later
                                     date as provided above, in full and final
                                     satisfaction of such claims, each holder of
                                     a Class 2 Claim shall receive its PRO RATA
                                     share of either (A) (i) $51 million cash
                                     (the "Cash Consideration"), (ii) the
                                     Additional Cash Contribution (as defined
                                     below) and (iii) $90 million 10.125% senior
                                     subordinated notes to be issued by the
                                     Company due 2009 (the "New Notes") or (B)
                                     if the plan contemplated by subpart (A) of
                                     this paragraph is not consummated on or
                                     before September 30, 2003, or any of the
                                     Benchmarks (as defined below) shall not
                                     have been satisfied or any deposit into the
                                     Deposit


___________________

(1)  Alternatively, the Bank Claims shall be paid as Administrative Claims in
     the event that the Bank Group sells the Bank Claims to a new lender prior
     to the Consummation Date (as defined herein) and such new lender requires
     that the operating subsidiaries "rollover" their debt.

                                       3
<PAGE>


                                     Account (as defined below) shall not have
                                     been timely made in full and the Committee
                                     informs the Debtor in writing (the
                                     "Direction Letter") to proceed with an
                                     alternative plan (the "Alternative Plan"),
                                     the Alternative Plan Consideration (as
                                     defined below).

                                     ADDITIONAL CASH CONTRIBUTION shall mean
                                     $1.5 million per four week fiscal period to
                                     be deposited by NSC's operating
                                     subsidiaries into a segregated bank account
                                     (the "Deposit Account") on the fifth
                                     business day following the last day of each
                                     4 week accounting period commencing with
                                     the accounting period (each, a "Deposit
                                     Date") ending on January 25, 2003 and
                                     terminating on the date the Plan is
                                     consummated; PROVIDED that in the event
                                     that the Plan is to be consummated prior to
                                     the Deposit Date in any 4 week accounting
                                     period, the Debtor shall cause a pro rata
                                     deposit with respect to such period to be
                                     made into the Deposit Account immediately
                                     prior to the date on which the Plan is
                                     consummated (all such full or prorated
                                     deposits, the "Additional Cash
                                     Contribution"). In the event that the
                                     operating subsidiaries, in their business
                                     judgment, require the use of the cash in
                                     the Deposit Account, for an unanticipated
                                     expense that is not included in the budget
                                     provided to the Committee on the date
                                     hereof (as such budget may be supplemented
                                     from time to time, after providing three
                                     business days notice to the Committee of
                                     such supplemental budget and the rationale
                                     therefore) and is required for the
                                     operation of such subsidiary's business,
                                     the Debtor shall (i) provide the Committee
                                     with three business days notice prior to
                                     the use of such cash, (ii) replenish the
                                     Deposit Account as soon as possible and
                                     (iii) inform the Committee as to the status
                                     of such cash upon the earlier of (a) the
                                     Committee's reasonable request or (b) the
                                     updates contemplated by Section V(A) of
                                     this Term Sheet. The Deposit Account shall
                                     be replenished on or prior to the earlier
                                     of (a) the date the Plan is consummated or
                                     (b) September 30, 2003 (the "Consummation
                                     Date").

                                     The Debtor shall provide the Committee with
                                     evidence of all deposits in the Deposit
                                     Account within two business days after each
                                     deposit is made.

                                       4
<PAGE>

                                     In the event that the Alternative Plan is
                                     confirmed, the Deposit Account shall remain
                                     the property of the Debtor's operating
                                     subsidiaries.

                                     ALTERNATIVE PLAN CONSIDERATION shall mean
                                     (i) notes (the "Alternative Plan Notes") in
                                     an amount not to exceed $125 million, at an
                                     interest rate of 12% and maturity of 2009
                                     PROVIDED that the drawn amount on the
                                     effective date of the Alternate Plan under
                                     the new working capital facility for NSC's
                                     operating subsidiaries shall not exceed $35
                                     million (net of excess cash) and (ii) 100%
                                     of the common equity interests.

                                     The New Notes, or the Alternative Plan
                                     Notes, as the case may be, will be secured
                                     by a pledge of the stock of Pueblo
                                     International, LLC and Pueblo
                                     Entertainment, Inc., the Company's main
                                     operating subsidiaries, in each case such
                                     stock pledge to be subordinate to the
                                     pledge of such stock to the lenders
                                     pursuant to the Senior Bank Facility (as
                                     defined herein).

                                     The Cash Consideration shall be comprised
                                     of not less than $15 million (the "Equity
                                     Contribution") to be contributed by the
                                     Debtor's sole shareholder (the "Equity").

                                     The Committee's direction shall be
                                     evidenced by a letter from the Committee's
                                     counsel to the Debtor's counsel.

                                     Covenants and events of default shall be
                                     similar to the existing covenants and
                                     events of default in the indenture subject
                                     to adjustment on account of the Company's
                                     projections with a reasonable cushion;
                                     provided that no such covenant or event of
                                     default shall conflict or be more onerous
                                     than those covenants or events of default
                                     set forth in the Senior Bank Facility and
                                     PROVIDED FURTHER that an event of default
                                     under the Senior Bank Facility shall be an
                                     event of default under the new indenture.

                                     Other terms, including call premium
                                     previsions (102 if new notes are redeemed
                                     in year 1 and 101 if the new notes are
                                     redeemed in year 2), to come.

                                       5
<PAGE>

Class 3 - Common Equity Interests

                                     If the Committee has directed the Debtor to
                                     consummate the Alternative Plan, then the
                                     Class 3 Interests shall be extinguished.

                                     On the Effective Date, or as soon
                                     thereafter as practicable, in full and
                                     final satisfaction of such claims, the
                                     holder of the Class 3 claim shall receive
                                     either (A) new common stock ("New Common
                                     Stock") of the Reorganized Company, such
                                     number being equivalent to 100.0% of the
                                     primary shares outstanding of New Common
                                     Stock of the Reorganized Company or (B)
                                     zero, if the Alternative Plan is
                                     consummated.


II.      RELEASES, INDEMNIFICATION AND D&O INSURANCE

         The Plan shall provide for general mutual releases (in a form to be
agreed upon with the Bank Group and the Committee) by the Company and the
Reorganized Company for the benefit of all current directors and officers,
common shareholders and controlling persons, the Bank Group, the Committee, each
of the Company's and the Committee's respective advisors, and certain of the
Company's affiliates, which releases are to be customary for transactions of
this type as mutually agreed by counsel to the Company, the Bank Group and the
Committee. The Plan shall also provide for the release of claims, if any, that
the Company's officers and directors may have against the Company. In addition,
except as provided in the next sentence, all indemnification provisions
currently in place for directors, officers and each of the Company's advisors
(whether in the Company's bylaws, contracts or otherwise) shall survive
confirmation of the Plan. If the Alternative Plan is consummated, none of the
indemnification provisions currently in place for directors, officers and each
of the Company's advisors (whether in the Company's bylaws, contracts or
otherwise) shall survive confirmation of the Plan except to the extent that any
related claims are covered by insurance policies in respect of the Debtor. The
Company may obtain sufficient tail coverage under its existing directors and
officers insurance policy for current officers and directors provided that the
terms are acceptable to the Committee which acceptance shall not be unreasonably
withheld.

III.     OTHER PLAN PROVISIONS

         In addition to the foregoing provisions relating to classification and
treatment of claims and interests, the Plan shall contain provisions appropriate
under the circumstances concerning, among other things, the following: (i)
disputed claims and reserves therefore; (ii) provide for the (A) subordination
of the Company's liens on the assets of its operating subsidiaries (the "Company
Lien") to the claims of the trade creditors of the Company's operating
subsidiaries and (B) granting to the holders of the New Notes a lien on the
Company Lien; each such lien to be junior to the liens granted to the lenders
pursuant to the Senior Bank Facility, and (iii) retention of jurisdiction by the
Bankruptcy Court for certain purposes. The Plan shall also contain standard
conditions regarding its effectiveness, including conditions that the Plan may
not be consummated unless (a) the operative documents

                                       6
<PAGE>

and instruments to be issued thereunder and executed on the effective date of
the Plan are reasonably satisfactory to the Committee and (b) the amount drawn
under the Senior Bank Facility shall not exceed $61.5 million plus letters of
credit, which provisions shall not be waivable unilaterally by the Debtor.

IV.      MANAGEMENT OF THE REORGANIZED COMPANY

A.       BOARD OF DIRECTORS

         The Reorganized Company's Board of Directors will consist of the
Company's existing Board of Directors unless the Alternative Plan is
consummated. If the Alternative Plan is consummated, the Reorganized Company's
Board of Directors will consist of the individuals identified by the Committee
to the Debtor on or before the date on which the Alternative Plan is confirmed.

B.       SENIOR MANAGEMENT

         The Company contemplates the retention of its present senior
management. The Debtor and the Equity shall cause the Debtor's senior management
to cooperate with, and provide reasonable assistance to, the Committee and its
designated senior management team in the event that the Alternative Plan is
consummated.

V.       CONDITIONS PRECEDENT

         Conditions to the agreement of the Bank Group, Noteholders, the Debtor
and the Equity holders to the Plan, the Effective Date, and to the restructuring
described in this Term Sheet will include, without limitation, the following:
(i) unless otherwise agreed to in writing by the Debtor and the Committee, the
Debtor shall (A) agree to provide the Committee with an update of the
negotiations with potential new lenders not less than once every 14 days, (B)
file the Plan with the Bankruptcy Court on or before January 31, 2003; (C) file
the Disclosure Statement and related pleadings seeking approval of the
Disclosure Statement and approval of solicitation procedures with the Bankruptcy
Court on or before January 31, 2003; (D) obtain an order approving the
Disclosure Statement on or before April 14, 2003; (E) obtain confirmation of the
Plan on or before May 30, 2003; (F) obtain a commitment letter for the Senior
Bank Facility on or before July 31, 2003; (G) replenish the Deposit Account, if
and to the extent such account is ever drawn upon, on or before the Consummation
Date; and (H) effectiveness and substantial consummation of the Plan on or
before September 30, 2003 (B through H shall be referred to collectively as the
"Benchmarks"); (ii) reasonable satisfaction of the Administrative Agent, the
Bank Group, the Noteholders, the Equity holders and the Debtor with the Plan and
the confirmation order therefore and the operative plan documents, (iii) the
Prepetition Bank Obligations shall have been paid in full and the Administrative
Agent, on behalf of the Lenders shall have released all of its liens; (iv)
unless the Alternative Plan is consummated, the Company's subsidiaries shall
have obtained binding commitments for approximately $70 million (including a $5
million letter of credit sub-facility)(but in no event shall such facility
exceed $80 million without the prior written consent of the Committee) in
working capital and term loans (the "Senior Bank Facility"), which loans shall
be secured by the granting on the Effective Date of a perfected security
interest in all personal, mixed and real property of each borrower and guarantor
a party to the Senior Bank Facility (subject to certain permitted liens and
other exceptions reasonably satisfactory to the Agent of the Senior Bank
Facility); and (v) satisfaction (consistent with the terms herein) of the
parties with the releases described in Section III hereof and the terms of the
releases and injunctions contemplated thereby.

                                       7
<PAGE>

VI.      NOTEHOLDER AGREEMENTS

         Each Noteholder identified as such on the signature page hereto
represents and warrants to the Company that, as of the date hereof, (i) such
Noteholder has investment or voting discretion with respect to its Existing
Noteholder Claims and has the power and authority to bind the beneficial
owner(s) of such Existing Noteholder Claims to the terms of this Agreement and
(ii) such Noteholder has full power and authority to vote and consent to matters
concerning such Existing Noteholder Claims and to exchange, assign and transfer
such Existing Noteholder Claims.

         The Noteholders hereby agree (i) to take all necessary and appropriate
actions to support confirmation and consummation of the Plan in accordance with
the Bankruptcy Code, (ii) not to object to confirmation of the Plan, or support
any such objection by a third party or commence any proceeding to oppose or
alter the Plan, and (iii) not to, directly or indirectly, seek, solicit or
support any plan, proposal or offer of reorganization or liquidation of the
Company other than the Plan. The Noteholders also agree, in the event that the
Company fails to satisfy any of the Benchmarks or otherwise materially breaches
this Term Sheet, (a) to take all necessary and appropriate actions to support
confirmation and consummation of the Alternative Plan in accordance with the
Bankruptcy Code, (b) not to object to confirmation of the Alternative Plan, or
support any such objection by a third party or commence any proceeding to oppose
or alter the Alternative Plan, and (c) not to, directly or indirectly, seek,
solicit or support any plan, proposal or offer of reorganization or liquidation
of the Company other than the Alternative Plan.

         Each of the Noteholders agrees not to, directly or indirectly, sell,
transfer, assign or otherwise dispose of any Existing Notes or Existing
Noteholder Claims unless the transferee thereof agrees in writing to be bound by
this Summary of Terms by executing a counterpart signature page of this Summary
of Terms and the transferor provides the Company and the Committee with a copy
thereof, in which event the Company and the Committee shall be deemed to
acknowledge that its obligation to the transferor shall be deemed to constitute
obligations in favor of such transferee.

         Each of the foregoing agreements shall be several and not joint with
respect to each of the Noteholders. None of the agreements in this Section VI
shall be binding on any Noteholder in the event that the Company or the Equity
is in breach of any material agreement or undertaking contained in this Term
Sheet.

VII.     EXCESS PREPAYMENT PENALTY

         Equity agrees to pay any prepayment penalty on account of a change of
control owed to Westernbank Puerto Rico ("Westernbank") in excess of $2.4
million (the "Excess Prepayment Penalty") if the Excess Prepayment Penalty
becomes due and owing on account of (A) Equity's decision not to make the Equity
Contribution or (B) the Debtor's failure to achieve any Benchmark, PROVIDED THAT
Equity shall have no obligation to pay the Excess Prepayment Penalty if (i) with
respect to clause B, the Committee does not issue the Direction Letter, (ii)
Westernbank waives its right to receive the Excess Prepayment Penalty or
otherwise decides not to enforce the prepayment penalty provision related to a
change of control; or (iii) the Company's failure to achieve any Benchmark is

                                       8
<PAGE>

caused by, or is the result of, (1) an objection filed by any creditor to the
Disclosure Statement, the Plan, or any other motion or document related thereto;
or (2) the incapacitation or unavailability of the bankruptcy judge, or a
natural disaster, terrorist attack or any other act of a similar type or nature
that renders it impossible for the Court to timely rule on the Disclosure
Statement or the Plan. Equity's obligation to pay the Excess Prepayment Penalty
pursuant to this Section VII terminates on the 180th day (the "Final Date")
after the effective date of the Extension Agreement.

VIII.    MISCELLANEOUS

         The Debtor shall promptly seek an order stipulated with the Committee
of the Bankruptcy Court extending its exclusivity period until August 30, 2003
(the "Extension Order"). Among other things, the Extension Order shall provide
that if the Debtor fails to meet one or more of the Benchmarks or fails to
comply with any of its material obligations hereunder, including (A) its
obligations with respect to the Deposit Account, or (B) Equity fails to make the
Excess Prepayment Penalty as set forth in Section VII of this Term Sheet, the
Committee shall have the right to direct the Debtor to pursue solicitation,
confirmation and consummation of the Alternative Plan (to the extent appropriate
at such time). If the Committee so directs the Debtor and the Debtor fails to
take whatever reasonable steps the Committee requests in connection therewith,
then the Committee shall have the right to file a notice (the "Termination
Notice") with the Bankruptcy Court terminating the exclusivity period for the
purpose of pursuing the Alternative Plan, the Committee shall be free to pursue
solicitation, confirmation and consummation of the Alternative Plan (to the
extent appropriate at such time) and neither the Debtor nor the Equity shall
take any action or file any pleading in opposition to the Alternative Plan or
the Termination Notice, except to challenge whether the event giving rise to the
Termination Notice actually occurred.

         The Debtor shall use its best efforts to timely prepare and finalize
the documents required to accomplish the transactions described in this Term
Sheet and to provide drafts of all pertinent documents to the Committee for its
review and comment prior to filing such documents. The Company represents and
warrants that, to the best of Debtor's knowledge and belief upon due inquiry,
except as set forth on Exhibit A attached hereto, there are no agreements
containing monetary payment provisions upon a change of control or severance
provisions with respect to the Company or its subsidiaries. The Company
covenants that (A) on or later than the date hereof, it will not enter into, and
will not permit any of its operating subsidiaries to enter into, any agreement
containing change in control or employee severance provisions with any employees
or otherwise except as disclosed to the Committee prior to the date hereof or as
otherwise consented to by the Committee, which consent shall not be unreasonably
withheld or (B) it shall not take any action to increase the amount of the
prepayment penalty on account of a change of control that would come due after
the Final Date to exceed $2.4 million without obtaining the prior consent of the
Committee.

         The terms set forth in this outline are part of a comprehensive
compromise, each element of which is an integral aspect of the proposed
restructuring and, as such, is non-severable.


                  [Remainder of page intentionally left blank]



                                       9
<PAGE>



         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be
executed and delivered by their respective duly authorized officers, solely in
their respective capacity as officers of the undersigned and not in any other
capacity, as of the date first set forth above.

NUTRITIONAL SOURCING CORPORATION          PXC & M HOLDINGS, INC.


By:/s/ William T. Keon                    By: /s/ Steven I. Bandel
    ----------------------------              ---------------------------------
Name: William T. Keon, III                Name:    Steven I. Bandel
Its:  President & Chief Executive         Its:  Executive Vice President
      Officer                                   -------------------------

CREDIT SUISSE FIRST BOSTON                BARCLAYS CAPITAL ASSET MANAGEMENT
INTERNATIONAL
                                               /s/ Steven J. Landzberg
                                               --------------------------
      /s/ Jeffrey D. Tuck                   By:    Steven J. Landzberg
     ------------------------                  --------------------------
By:       Jeffrey D. Tuck                   Its:   Director
     ------------------------                  --------------------------
Its:      Vice President
     ------------------------
                                          ML CBO IV (CAYMAN) LTD.
LOEB PARTNERS CORPORATION                 By:  Highland Capital Management, L.P.
                                          as Collateral Manager
     /s/ Rob Grubin
     ------------------------
By:      Rob Grubin                             /s/ James Dondero
     ------------------------                  --------------------------
Its:     V.P.                             By:       James Dondero
     ------------------------                  --------------------------
                                          Its:    CFA, CPA, President
                                               --------------------------





                                       10

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
