<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.9
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>g80720exv99w9.txt
<DESCRIPTION>APPENDIX H TO DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                   EXHIBIT B
                            PRINCIPAL ECONOMIC TERMS
                                     PART I

                    [WESTERNBANK BUSINESS CREDIT DIVISION]

                                 June 27, 2002

Mr. William T. Keon III, C.E.O.
Mr. Daniel J. O'Leary, C.F.O.
Pueblo Xtra International, Inc.
1300 N.W. 22nd St.
Pompano Beach, Florida 33069

Gentlemen:

You have provided us with certain information and have discussed with us the
current and future needs for the financing of Pueblo Xtra International, Inc.
and its subsidiaries or affiliates (the "Company").

In connection therewith, we are pleased to submit our proposal to provide a
secured revolving credit and term loan facility of up to $80,000,000, to the
Company (the "Credit Facility") to be used for refinancing capital expenditures
and working capital purposes.

The exact structure and terms of the proposed Credit Facility cannot be
precisely stated until the completion of our field examinations and credit
investigations. However, in general, we contemplate that the Credit Facility
may be structured as follows:

1.       Revolving Credit Facility

         (a)      Amount: Revolving loans based upon the lending formulas, and
                  subject to the sublimits and other terms described below.

         (b)      Lending Formulas:

                  (i)      Accounts: Net amount of eligible cash, credit cards,
                           debit cards and all accounts receivable of the
                           Company. Eligible accounts receivable and the net
                           amounts thereof will be determined by us pursuant to
                           general criteria which will be set forth in the loan
                           documentation.

                  (ii)     Inventory: Up to the lesser of (iii) sixty (65%)
                           percent multiplied by the cost of this eligible
                           Non-Perishable Finished Goods inventory of the
                           Company, with cost determined under the
                           first-in-first-out method or (iv) eighty percent
                           (80%) of the "Net Recovery Percentage" for eligible
                           Non-Perishable Finished Goods inventory

<PAGE>
                           of the Company (with such percentage calculated based
                           on its cost) multiplied by the cost of such eligible
                           inventory (or if less, eighty percent (80%) of the
                           Net Recovery Percentage for the eligible inventory of
                           the Company (with such percentage calculated based on
                           its retail value) multiplied by the retail value of
                           such inventory). The amount of the Net Recovery
                           Percentage will be determined based on the recovery
                           from the eligible inventory pursuant to an appraisal
                           to be conducted on a "going out of business sale"
                           basis, at the expense of the Company, by appraisers
                           acceptable to us, net of estimated liquidation
                           expenses. Eligible inventory will be determined by us
                           pursuant to general criteria which will be act forth
                           in the loan documentation. Generally, eligible
                           inventory will exclude un-inspected and perishable
                           foods, produce, deli and bakery food products,
                           expired foods or products and food or products with
                           short expiration dates or shelf life, purchases in
                           transit, unfinished or unprocessed food or products,
                           packaging, supplies, slow-moving, damaged or obsolete
                           inventories, and those other items which do not
                           constitute collateral acceptable for lending purposes
                           pursuant to criteria established by us.

         (c)      Inventory Loan Limit:  The maximum amount of loans available
                  in respect of eligible inventory shall not exceed $35,000,000,
                  at any time, notwithstanding the total value of eligible
                  inventory and including for this purpose our reliance on
                  eligible inventory to be acquired under commercial letters of
                  credit opened by or through us under the letter of credit
                  facility described below.

2.       Letter of Credit Facility.

         (a)      Amount:  Letters of credit arranged through us ("LCs") of up
                  to an aggregate amount at any time outstanding of $10,000,000,
                  included within the overall Revolving Credit Facility.

         (b)      LC Reserves Against Availability:  Reserves against the
                  revolving loans otherwise available equal to (1) one hundred
                  percent (100%) unless the percentage set forth above for the
                  inventory lending formula multiplied by the cost of the goods
                  being purchased with the LC, plus (ii) duty, freight and cost
                  of transport within the U.S., will be required when opening
                  LCs for the purpose of purchasing eligible inventory, LCs
                  which are opened for other purposes approved by us will
                  require reserves of one hundred percent (100%) of the amount
                  of such LCs.

         (c)      Letter of Credit Fee:  Two and one half percent (2.5%) per
                  annum on the daily outstanding balance of the LCs payable
                  monthly in arrears. All applicable bank and opening charges
                  will be in addition to our fee and charged to the loan account
                  of the Company.


                                       2

<PAGE>
3.   TERM LOANS

Term Loan A:

Amount: A Capital Expenditure Term Loan of up to the lesser of: $5,000,000, or
seventy percent (70%) of eligible construction project costs incurred in the
remodeling and purchase of equipment for new stores (the "Term Loan A"). Such
value will be as determined by appraisals, conducted at the expense of the
Company, by independent appraisers acceptable to us. Eligible equipment and
costs will be determined by us and, in general, shall exclude installations
costs, fixtures, and equipment subject to a security interest or lien of any
other person or entity, leased equipment and worn-out or obsolete equipment.

Amortization: The Term Loan A will be repaid in consecutive equal monthly
installments of principal commencing on the first day of the month after the
closing and on the first day of each month thereafter. The amount of each
monthly installment will be calculated based on a sixty month amortization,
with the final installment to be in the then remaining balance of the Term Loan
A (and including principal, interest and other amounts) due on the earlier of:
(i) the first day of the sixty (60) month after the closing or (ii) the
termination or non-renewal of the Credit Facility or a default under our
financing agreements.

We shall require Company to submit to us individual invoice(s) for inspection
and approval prior to advance(s) and minimum draw(s) will be established by us.

Term Loan B:

Amount: A real property Term Loan of up to the lesser of: $35,000,000, or
seventy five percent (75%) of eligible real estate property as described in the
three appraisal reports dated during 2001 performed by Vallejo and Vallejo
(the "Term Loan B"). Such value will be as determined by appraisals, conducted
at the expense of the Company, by independent appraisers acceptable to us.
Eligible equipment and costs will be determined by us and, in general, shall
exclude fixtures and equipment subject to a security interest or lien of any
other person or entity, leased equipment and worn-out or obsolete equipment.

Amortization: The Term Loan B will be repaid in consecutive equal monthly
installments of principal commencing on the first day of the month after the
closing and on the first day of each month thereafter. The amount of each
monthly installment will be calculated based on a one hundred and eighty month
amortization, with the final

                                       3
<PAGE>
         installment to be in the then remaining balance of the Term Loan B (and
         including principal, interest and other amounts) due on the earlier of:
         (iii) the first day of the one hundred and eightieth (180th) month
         after the closing or (iv) the termination or non-renewal of the Credit
         Facility or a default under our financing agreements.

         Term Loan C:

         Amount:  A Term Loan of up to the lesser of: $5,000,000, or fifty
         percent (50%) of eligible Leased Property value as described in the
         addendum attached  (the "Term Loan C"). Such value will be as
         determined by appraisals, conducted at the expense of the Company, by
         independent appraisers acceptable to us. Eligible leases, improvements
         and equipment will be determined by us and, in general, shall exclude
         fixtures and equipment subject to a security interest or lien of any
         other person or entity, leased equipment and worn-out or obsolete
         equipment and fixtures.

         Amortization:  The Term Loan C will be repaid in consecutive equal
         monthly installments of principal commencing on the first day of the
         month after the closing and on the first day of each month thereafter.
         The amount of such monthly installment will be calculated based on a
         sixty month amortization, with the final installment to be in the then
         remaining balance of the Term Loan C (and including principal, interest
         and other amounts) due on the earlier of: (v) the first day of the
         sixty (60th) month after the closing or (vi) the termination or
         non-renewal of the Credit Facility or a default under our financing
         agreements.

4.       Collateral.  All obligations of the Company and any corporate
         guarantors to us will be secured by first and only security interests
         in and liens upon all present and future assets of the Company and any
         corporate guarantors, including all accounts, customer lists, contract
         rights, general intangibles (including, without limitation, all
         trademarks, trademarks, patents and other intellectual property, tax
         refunds, and any other claims, payments or recoveries, such as
         recoveries or payments from franchises, licenses and all other rights
         and agreements), chattel paper, documents, instruments (including stock
         or partnership shares in subsidiaries, affiliates and parent companies,
         as applicable), checking and deposit accounts, investment property,
         inventory, machinery and equipment, equipment, furniture, fixtures,
         leases and real property, and all products and proceeds thereof.

5.       Interest Rates.  The interest rate on Revolving Loans shall be one and
         one half (1.5%) percent per annum above the rate announced from time to
         time by Westernbank Puerto Rico, as its "prime rate" or at the
         Company's option, a rate of three and one half (3.50%) percent per
         annum above the adjusted Eurodollar rate used by us (in each case
         subject to a higher rate after default). The interest rate on Term
         Loans shall be two (2.0%) percent per


                                       4


<PAGE>
         amount above the rate announced from time to time by Westernbank Puerto
         Rico, as its "prime rate" or at the Company's option, a rate of four
         (4.00%) percent per annum above the adjusted Eurodollar rate used by us
         (in each case subject to a higher rate after default). The adjusted
         Eurodollar rate will be calculated based on the average of rates of
         interest per annum at which Westernbank Puerto Rico is offered deposits
         of U.S. dollars in the London interbank market adjusted by the reserve
         percentage prescribed by governmental authorities as determined by us.
         Collections will be credited to the loan account of the Company on a
         daily basis, allowing two (2) business days after our receipt of a wire
         transfer of federal funds into our payment account designated for such
         purpose.

At no time shall interest rates be lower than six (6%) percent on Revolving
Loans and seven (7) percent on Term Loans.

6.       Fees. All fees listed below are in addition to interest and other fees
         and charges provided for herein and may, at our option, be charged
         directly to any loan account(s) of the Company maintained with us.

         (a)      Closing Fee:  One and one half percent (1.5%) of the Credit
                  Facility, earned and payable in full at closing. If, upon the
                  request of the Company, we elect to issue a commitment letter,
                  the closing fee will be payable to us upon issuance of the
                  commitment letter as a non-refundable commitment fee.

         (b)      Servicing Fee:  $5,000.00 for each month or part thereof
                  during the term of the arrangements, payable monthly in
                  advance.

         (c)      Unused Line Fee:  One half of one percent (.50%) per annum on
                  the difference between the average monthly balance of
                  revolving loans and LCs outstanding under the Credit Facility
                  and $30,000,000, payable monthly.

         (d)      Early Termination Fee:  If the Credit Facility is terminated
                  for any reason prior to the end of the then current term:

                   (i)     Five percent (5%) of the Credit Facility if
                           terminated on or prior to six months from the date of
                           closing.

                  (ii)     Three percent (3%) of the Credit Facility if
                           terminated after the sixth month and on or prior to
                           the second anniversary of the date of closing; and

                  (iii)    Two percent (2%) of the Credit Facility if terminated
                           after the second anniversary and on or prior to the
                           third anniversary of the date of closing; and


                                       5
<PAGE>
     (iv) One percent (1%) of the Credit Facility if terminated after the third
          anniversary and on or at any other time prior to the end of the then
          current term and thereafter.

7.   Term.  The Credit Facility will have an initial term of five (5) years from
the date of closing, and automatic annual renewals thereafter unless either
party gives ninety (90) days prior written notice to the other party of the
intention to terminate the Credit Facility.

8.   Expenses.  The Company agrees to pay all reasonable legal and closing
expenses, including attorneys' fees and disbursements, filing and search fees,
appraisal fees and field examination expenses and per diem field examination
charges, whether or not this transaction closes. We charge $1,000, per person
per day for our field examiners in the field and in the office, plus travel,
hotel and all other out-of-pocket expenses. All such expenses shall be paid to
us upon demand, together with such advance funds on account of such expenses
and charges as we may from time to time request. This Section shall survive the
expiration or termination of this letter.

9.   Deposits.  As evidence of our mutual good faith, and in consideration of
our having incurred and continuing to incur certain expenses in the expectation
of establishing the financing arrangements between us and the Company, we
request that the Company deposit with us $100,000 against our expenses. This
amount, together with any other deposits at any time received by us will be:

     (a) Retained in the Company, less the cost of our field examinations,
         legal fees and other expenses directly related to the loan application
         and credit review, if our credit approval of the proposed financing is
         not obtained;

     (b) Retained by us, and credited to the loan account of the Company, less
         the expenses described in paragraph (a) above, if the credit is
         approved and booked;

     (c) Retained by us, as a fee in addition to expenses payable by the
         Company as set forth above, if our credit approval of the proposed
         financing is obtained and the transaction does not close within
         forty-five (45) days from the date of such approval, whether as a
         result of your election not to do business with us or a failure to
         fulfill any of the conditions of the proposed financing as approved by
         us; and

     (d) Retained by us, as a fee in addition to expenses payable by the
         Company as set forth above, if at any time during the loan and credit
         review, the Company intentionally misleads us or intentionally fails
         to disclose material information which, if disclosed, would have had a
         material adverse impact on the loan approval.

                                       6
<PAGE>
10. Other Information and Conditions. This proposal does not represent a
commitment to lend. Our proposal is expressly subject to review of certain
other information, satisfactory completion of our field examinations, credit
investigations and analysis and approval by our committee. Such approval, if
obtained at all, shall be contingent upon a closing taking place within
forty-five (45) days thereafter, after which time this proposal will require
reapproval by our credit committee even if we continue to work on this
transaction. Such reapproval, if obtained, may result in different terms or
conditions, or in a determination not to consummate the transaction. No
commitment to lend shall be implied from any action by us or on our behalf.
Communication to you of credit committee approval or reapproval shall not
constitute a commitment to lend, unless expressly so stated in a commitment
letter signed by us and you.

In addition, subject to such conditions as may be established in connection
with the credit approval, we would anticipate that the closing of the Credit
Facility will be subject to the satisfaction, in a manner acceptable to us, of
the following:

     (a) The Company continuing to furnish us with all financial information,
         projections, budgets, business plans, cash flows and such other
         information as we reasonably request from time to time. We shall have
         received current agings of receivables, current perpetual inventory
         records and/or rollforwards of accounts and inventory through the date
         of closing, together with supporting documentation, and other
         documents and information that will enable us to accurately indemnify
         and verify the eligible collateral at or before closing in a manner
         satisfactory to us and including documentation with respect to
         inventory in transit, goods in bonded warehouses or at other
         third-party locations. We may require daily or weekly reporting of
         collateral information from the Company and/or may establish in our
         records a loan account for the Company prior to closing. Such actions
         should not be construed as a commitment to lend or to waive or modify
         any conditions to lending.

     (b) Satisfactory legal review of the terms of this Credit Facility and its
         structure by our counsel, and execution and delivery of loan
         documents, all in form and substance satisfactory to us. The loan
         documents will include, among other documents, a loan agreement,
         security agreements, UCC financing statements, intercreditor
         agreements (if applicable), agreements from certain third parties,
         opinion letters of counsel, the guarantee of the obligations of the
         Company to us by its parent company, corporate subsidiaries and
         affiliates and which guarantee by such entities shall be secured by a
         stock pledge. Such loan documents will contain provisions,
         representation, warranties, conditions, covenants and events of default
         satisfactory to us and our counsel. With respect to financial
         covenants, the loan documents will include various financial
         covenants. Such financial covenants will require the Company to
         maintain tangible net worth, working capital and an Excess Cash Flow
         formula or ratios in amounts to be determined, which amount will be
         acceptable to us and to the Company. Under the


                                       7
<PAGE>
                  terms of the loan documents, the Company will be entitled to
                  pay dividends under certain criteria to be established by us
                  (including maintaining certain excess availability) so long as
                  no default exists or is expected.

         (c)      The Company shall deliver, at its expense, environmental
                  audits of its plants and real estate conducted by an
                  independent environmental engineering firm acceptable to us
                  and in form, scope and methodology satisfactory to us,
                  confirming that (i) the Company is in compliance with all
                  applicable environmental use laws, regulations, codes and
                  ordinances in all material respects and (ii) there is no
                  material potential or actual liability of the Company for any
                  remedial action with respect to any environmental condition or
                  any other significant environmental problems.

         (d)      The excess availability under the lending formulas provided
                  for above, subject to sublimits and reserves, shall be not
                  less than $5,000,000, at the closing, and $1,800,000,
                  thereafter as suppressed availability or cash, after the
                  payment of fees and expenses of the transaction and the
                  application of the proceeds of the initial loans, and after
                  deduction for past due payables and other obligations.
                  Accounts payable of the Company must be at a level and in a
                  condition reasonably acceptable to us.

         (e)      We shall receive Assignment(s) of Leases and Proceeds thereof
                  of all major tenants of the company; and, Assignment(s) of
                  Leases of all existing and future Leases of Pueblo Supermarket
                  stores and Blockbuster Video stores, and terms and conditions
                  acceptable to us. The company shall endeavor on a best efforts
                  basis to secure Landlords Consent and Waivers.

         (f)      Company shall have disclosed within one hundred and twenty
                  (120) days from closing or prior thereto a definitive plan for
                  the refinancing or purchase of the outstanding corporate bonds
                  which mature in 2003, amounting to approximately
                  $175,000,000, on terms and conditions satisfactory to us.

         (g)      No material adverse change in the business, operations,
                  profits or prospects of the Company or in the condition of the
                  assets of the Company shall have occurred since the date of
                  our latest field examinations.

         (h)      This transaction and the events contemplated herein must close
                  by September 15, 2002 or forty-five (45) days from the date of
                  our final credit approval, whichever is earlier.

The terms and conditions described in this proposal letter are intended as an
outline only and this proposal letter does not purport to include or summarize
all of the terms, conditions, covenants and other provisions which will be
contained in the loan documents.

                                       8
<PAGE>
This letter is delivered to the Company on the condition that its existence and
its contents will not be disclosed by the Company without our prior written
approval except (i) as may be required to be disclosed in any legal proceeding
or as may otherwise be required by law and (ii) on a confidential and "need to
know" basis, to your directors, officers, employees, advisers and agents.

Unless accepted by the Company and as so accepted, received by us by the close
of business in San Juan on Puerto Rico, July 5, 2002 with the deposit referred
to above, this proposal shall expire at such time.

This letter is solely for your benefit and is not to be relied upon by any
third party.

This letter, upon acceptance by you, supersedes and replaces our letter to the
Company, dated May 10, 2002.

We look forward to continuing to work with you and your associates in this
transaction.


                                             Very truly yours,

                                             WESTERNBANK BUSINESS CREDIT

                                             /s/ Miguel A. Vasquez
                                             Miguel A. Vasquez
                                             President


ACCEPTED on this _____ date of ___________, 2002:



___________________________
William T. Keon III, C.E.O.


___________________________
Daniel J. O'Leary, C.F.O.


                                       9
<PAGE>

                                   EXHIBIT B

                                ADDITIONAL TERMS

                                     Part 2

1. Expenses:               Borrowers will pay all of the reasonable
                           out-of-pocket expenses and customary administrative
                           charges incurred by Lender, including, without
                           limitation, appraisal fees, reasonable legal
                           costs and expenses, filing and search charges,
                           recording taxes and field examination charges and
                           expenses (including a charge of $1,000 per person per
                           day for the examiners of Lender in the field and in
                           the office, plus travel, hotel and all other
                           out-of-pocket expenses).

2. Loan Documentation:     Definitive loan documentation (collectively, the
                           "Financing Agreement"), including, without
                           limitation, a loan and security agreement,
                           supplemental security agreement, pledge agreements,
                           mortgages, deeds of trust, guarantees, debentures,
                           security assignments, intercreditor and
                           subordination agreements, UCC financing statements
                           and other lien registrations, lien waivers and
                           access agreements in favor of Lender from mortgages,
                           landlords and other persons in possession or control
                           of Collateral, borrowing base certificates, opinion
                           letters of counsel to Borrowers and Guarantors, and
                           related documents, each in form and substance
                           satisfactory to Lender. All of the Financing
                           Agreements will be prepared or approved by Lender
                           and counsel to Lender and incorporate Lender's
                           customary terms and provisions, and such other
                           provisions as Lender may require in the context of
                           the transactions contemplated hereby. The loan
                           documentation will also provide that Lender may
                           syndicate and/or sell participations in the Credit
                           Facility. Lender may act as agent on behalf of other
                           financial institutions who purchase interests in the
                           Credit Facility and the Financing Agreements may
                           provide accordingly. Borrowers and Guarantors will
                           assist Lender in the syndication of, and the sale of
                           participation in, the Credit Facility.


                                      B-1
<PAGE>

(a) Reserves:          Lender will have a continuing right to establish reserves
                       against the loan availability under the lending
                       formulas to  reflect events, conditions,
                       contingencies or risks  which, as determined by Lender
                       in good faith, do or may  affect either the Collateral
                       or its value, or the  assets, business or prospectus of
                       any Borrower or  Guarantor, or Lender's security
                       interests and other  rights in the Collateral (excluding
                       the enforceability,  realization, perfection and
                       priority thereof) or (ii) to  reflect the good faith
                       belief of Lender that any  collateral report or
                       financial information furnished by or on behalf of any
                       Borrower or Guarantor to Lender is or may have been
                       incomplete, inaccurate or misleading in any
                       material respect or (iii) in respect of any state of
                       facts which Lender determines in good faith constitutes
                       an event of default under the Financing Agreements (as
                       defined below) or may, with notice or passage of time or
                       both, constitutes such an event of default or (iv) to
                       reflect the reserves for LCs.

                       Without limiting the foregoing, Lender may establish
                       reserves for, among other things, (i) priority payables
                       including liabilities which have a trust imposed to
                       provide for payment of a lien or charge or other right
                       to payment ranking senior or pari passu to the
                       obligations of any Borrower to Lender, such as taxes,
                       employee claims and certain supplier's claims, payments
                       to insolvency administrators and value added taxes;

                               (ii) to reflect that dilution with respect to the
                       accounts of any Borrower exceeds or is reasonably
                       anticipated to exceed 5%

                               (iii) to reflect a change in the turnover, mix or
                       quality of the categories of inventory that adversely
                       affects the value of such inventory,

                               (iv) to reflect that the orderly liquidation
                       value of the eligible equipment or the fair market
                       value of the eligible real property as set forth in the
                       most recent acceptable appraisal thereof received by
                       Lender has declined.

                               and (v) to reflect the maximum amount of any
                       indebtedness or claim which may have a lien or
                       administrative claim upon property of any Borrower or
                       Guarantor superior to or in parity with the lien and
                       security interest of Lender therein or thereon
                       (including without limitation, the fees and expenses of
                       the Clerk of the Bankruptcy Court and the Office of the
                       US Trustee and fees and expenses of professionals whose
                       retention is approved by the Bankruptcy Court during the
                       Chapter 11 case of NSC).

(b) Representations


                                      B-2
<PAGE>

    and Warranties.         To include, but not be limited to representations
                            and warranties concerning: the Collateral; corporate
                            existence and good standing, power and authority;
                            accuracy of financial information; absence of
                            material adverse changes; locations of chief
                            executive office and Collateral; priority of
                            Lender's security interests, charges and hypothecs,
                            ownership of properties, and absence of other liens
                            (except as specifically agreed to by Lender); filing
                            of tax returns and payment of taxes; absence of
                            material litigation or investigations; compliance
                            with other agreements and applicable law,
                            regulation, etc., identification of bank accounts;
                            environmental matters; employee benefit matters;
                            effectiveness of the Financing Orders; accuracy and
                            completeness of information furnished to Lender;
                            survival and continuing nature of representations
                            and warranties.

(c) Affirmative Covenants:  To include, but not be limited to: maintenance of
                            corporate existence and rights; requirements for new
                            locations; compliance with laws; performance of
                            obligations; maintenance of properties in good
                            repair; maintenance of appropriate and adequate
                            insurance; Lender's rights to inspect books and
                            properties; payment of taxes and claims; delivery of
                            financial statements, financial projections and
                            other information; retention of consultants
                            acceptable to Lender; collateral reporting, notices
                            and appraisal requirements; and further assurances.
                            All reports with respect to Collateral shall include
                            the US dollar equivalent of the values thereof.

(d) Negative Covenants:     To include, but not be limited to, prohibitions or
                            limitations on: dividends; redemptions and
                            repurchases of capital stock; incurrence of debt
                            (including capital leases) and guarantees (subject
                            to such exceptions and limitations as are agreed to
                            by the parties); repurchases or prepayment of debt;
                            creation or suffering of liens (including, without
                            limitation, a prohibition of liens on Collateral
                            other than the liens granted in favor of Lender and
                            such other liens as Lender may specifically permit);
                            loans, investments and acquisitions (subject to such
                            exceptions and limitations as are agreed to by the
                            parties); affiliate transactions, changes in
                            business conducted; asset sales; mergers and
                            consolidations (subject to such exceptions and
                            limitations as are agreed to by the parties);
                            restrictions affecting subsidiaries; opening new
                            bank accounts.


                                      B-3
<PAGE>
(e) Events of Default:     To include, but not be limited to: payment and
                           performance defaults under any of the loan
                           documentation, cross-defaults to other indebtedness
                           and documents, breach of representations and
                           warranties, actions in the Chapter 11 case of NSC
                           which Lender deems adverse to its interests, any
                           plan of reorganization is confirmed without Lender's
                           consent, judgments and attachments, insolvency,
                           voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy for any Borrower
                           or Guarantor revocation of any guaranty,
                           dissolution, change in control or senior management,
                           material adverse change in any Borrower's or
                           Guarantor's business, assets or prospects as
                           otherwise stated in the Extension Agreement.

(g) Waivers:               To include, but not be limited to a waiver by Lender,
                           each Borrower and each Guarantor of its rights to
                           jury trial; waiver by each Borrower and each
                           Guarantor of claims for special, indirect or
                           consequential damages in respect any breach or
                           alleged breach by Lender of any of the loan
                           documentation.

3. Conditions Precedent:   Those conditions precedent customarily required by
                           Lender in similar financings and any additional
                           conditions precedent deemed appropriate by Lender in
                           good faith in the context of this transaction,
                           including, without limitation, the following:

                  (a)      Borrowers and Guarantors shall continue to furnish,
                           or cause to be furnished, to Lender all financial
                           information, projections, budgets, business plans,
                           cash flows and such other information as Lender
                           shall reasonably request from time to time. Lender
                           shall have received current agings of accounts,
                           current perpetual inventory records and/or roll
                           forward of accounts and inventory through the date
                           of closing, together with supporting documentation
                           and other documents and information that will enable
                           Lender to accurately identify and verify the
                           eligible collateral at or immediately prior to
                           closing in a manner satisfactory to Lender and
                           including documentation with respect to inventory in
                           transit, goods in bonded warehouses or other third
                           party locations.


                                      B-4
<PAGE>
(b)      Execution and delivery of the Financing Agreement.

(c)      Lender shall have preferred, first priority security interest in,
         pledges of and liens upon the Collateral, and as hypothec.

         All UCC financing statements, mortgages and other lien registrations
         relating to the Collateral shall have been duly filed and recorded and
         Lender shall have received UCC and other lien search results from the
         various jurisdictions showing the financing statements and other lien
         registrations in favor of Lender filed of record prior to closing.

(d)      The aggregate amount of the Excess Availability of Borrowers under
         the lending formulas provided for above, and within all applicable
         sublimits after the application of proceeds of the initial Revolving
         Loans and after provision for payment of all fees and expenses of the
         transaction, shall be not less than $5,000,000 at closing. The accounts
         payable of Borrowers shall be at a level and in a condition reasonably
         Acceptable to Lender.

         The term "Excess Availability" as used herein shall mean as to
         Borrowers, on an aggregate basis, the US dollar equivalent of the
         amounts calculated at any time equal to: (a) the lesser of (i) the
         borrowing base of such Borrowers or (ii) the amount equal to the
         Maximum Credit minus the then outstanding amount of Revolving Loans
         and LCs provided to the Borrowers (in the case of clauses (a)(i) and
         (a)(ii) above, after giving effect to any reserves), minus (b) the sum
         of (i) the amount of all then outstanding and unpaid obligations of
         Borrowers to Lender (other than the obligations arising pursuant to
         the guarantee by a Borrower of the obligations of the other
         Borrowers), plus (ii) the aggregate amount of all trade payables and
         other obligations of Borrowers which remain unpaid more than the
         greater of (A) 60 days past invoice date or (B) the due date as of
         such time plus (iii) the amount of checks issued by such Borrower to
         pay trade payables and other obligations which are more than 60 days
         past due, but not yet sent (without duplication of amounts included in
         clause (b)(ii) herein).

(e)      Lender shall have received, in form and substance reasonably
         satisfactory to Lender, all releases, terminations and such other
         documents as Lender may request to evidence and effectuate the
         termination by the Existing Lenders to Borrowers of their respective
         financing arrangements with Borrowers and the termination and release
         by it or them, as the case may be, of any interest in and to any
         assets and properties of any Borrower.

                                        B-5
<PAGE>
                  and Guarantor in connection with such financing arrangements,
                  duly authorized, executed and delivered by it or each of them,
                  including, but not limited to, UCC termination statements for
                  all UCC financing statements previously filed by or on behalf
                  of any Existing Lender or its predecessor, as secured party
                  and any Borrower or Guarantor, as debtor.

         (f)      NSC shall comply in full with the notice and other
                  requirements of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code in a manner
                  acceptable to Lender and its counsel.


                                      B-6
<PAGE>
         (g)      No trustee, examiner, receiver or other disinterested person
with expanded powers pursuant to Section 1104(c) of the Bankruptcy Code, shall
have been appointed or designated with respect to NSC or its respective
business, properties or assets, including, without limitation the Collateral.

         (h)      Lender shall have received evidence, in form and substance
reasonably satisfactory to it, that all consents, approvals or withholding of
objections, appropriate or necessary to consummate the Credit Facility have
been obtained or waived in writing.

         (i)      Lender shall have received, in form and substance
satisfactory to Lender, all consents, waivers, acknowledgments and other
agreements from third persons which Lender may deem necessary or desirable in
order to permit, protect and perfect its security interests in and liens upon
the Collateral.

         (j)      Lender shall have received written appraisals, conducted at
the expense of Borrowers by an appraiser acceptable to Lender, addressed to
Lender and upon which Lender is expressly permitted to rely, in form, scope and
methodology  satisfactory to Lender as stated in Part 1 of this Exhibit B as to
the real estate of Borrowers and Guarantors. The appraisal of the real estate
shall satisfy the requirements of FIRREA.

         (k)      Lender shall have received an appraisal with respect to all
of the collateral conducted at the expense of Borrowers by appraisers
acceptable to Lender, addressed to Lender and upon which Lender is expressly
permitted to rely, in form, scope and methodology satisfactory to Lender.

         (l)      Lender shall have received, at the expense of Borrowers,
environmental audits of their plants and real estate conducted by an
independent environmental engineering firm acceptable to Lender, and in form,
scope and methodology satisfactory to Lender, confirming that (i) Borrowers are
in substantial compliance with all significant applicable environmental use
laws, regulations, codes and ordinances in all material respects and (ii) there
is no material potential or actual liability of Borrowers or any remedial
action with respect to any environmental condition or any other


                                      B-7
<PAGE>
significant environmental problems except as otherwise disclosed and
which are acceptable to Lender.

         (m)     Lender shall have received, on form and substance satisfactory
to Lender, evidence of insurance coverage, including (i) mortgagee's and
lender's loss payee endorsements in favor of Lender as to casualty and business
interruption insurance and containing all endorsements, assurances or
affirmative coverage requested by Lender for protection of its interests and
(ii) mortgagee's title insurance by a company and agent acceptable to Lender,
(A) insuring the priority, amount and sufficiency of the mortgage, deed of trust
or deed to secure debt in favor of Lender on each parcel or real estate included
in the Collateral, (B) insuring against matters that would be disclosed by
surveys and (C) containing any endorsements, assurances of affirmative coverage
requested by Lender for protection of its interests.

         (n)     Each Borrower shall have established a lockbox and related
lockbox account and/or blocked accounts, as Lender may specify, for collections
and the transfer thereof to Lender, which shall be in form and substance
acceptable to Lender.

         (o)     Lender shall have completed updated field examinations of the
business, operations and assets of Borrowers and Guarantors in accordance with
its customary procedures and practices and as otherwise required by the nature
and circumstances of the businesses of Borrowers and Guarantors, the results of
which shall be satisfactory to Lender.

         (p)     There shall exist no event of default or incipient default
under any of the Financing Agreements.

         (q)     Lender and its counsel will have had the opportunity to
conduct customary legal due diligence (all of which shall be satisfactory to
Lender and its counsel).


                                      B-8






<PAGE>
                  (r)      No material adverse change in the business,
                           operations or prospects of any Borrower shall have
                           occurred since the date of the commencement of
                           Lender's field examinations conducted prior to the
                           date of this Commitment Letter. Lender may conduct
                           additional or updated field examinations, at
                           Borrowers' expense, prior to closing and/or
                           commencing financing, the results of which must be
                           satisfactory to Lender. Without limiting the
                           generality of the foregoing (i) no investigation,
                           litigation or other proceedings shall be pending or
                           threatened against any Borrower or any Guarantor or
                           any affiliate as of the closing which could have a
                           material adverse effect in the determination of
                           Lender, and (ii) the Collateral shall not have
                           materially declined in value from the values set
                           forth in any of the appraisals or field examinations
                           previously done.

                  (s)      Lender shall be satisfied that, to as of the
                           closing date, Borrowers and Guarantors are not
                           insolvent or will not become insolvent as a
                           result of the transactions contemplated hereby, (ii)
                           each of such Borrowers and Guarantors do not have
                           unreasonably small capital after the consummation of
                           the transactions contemplated hereby to continue to
                           engage in their respective business and (iii) each
                           of such Borrowers and Guarantors have not incurred
                           liabilities as a result of the transactions
                           contemplated hereby that are beyond its ability to
                           pay as such liabilities mature.

5.       Indemnity         Borrowers and Guarantors shall indemnify and hold
                           harmless Lender and its directors, officers,
                           Lenders, representatives and employees from and
                           against all losses, claims, damages, expenses, or
                           liabilities including, but not limited to, legal or
                           other expenses incurred in connection with
                           investigating, preparing to defend, or defending any
                           such loss, claim, damage, expenses or liability,
                           incurred in respect of the Credit Facility or the
                           relationship between Lender and any Borrower or
                           Guarantor.

6.       Governing Law     Puerto Rico


                                      B-9
<PAGE>
7. Financial Covenants.    Including but not limited to on a consolidated
                           basis, minimum Adjusted Net Worth - Fiscal 2003 -
                           $25mm, 2004 - $18mm, 2005 - $13mm, 2006 - $9mm and
                           2007 - $8mm; minimum Working Capital - $5mm; minimum
                           Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio - 1.50:1, minimum EBITDA
                           - $23mm; Debt to EBITDA -  not greater than 10:1;
                           minimum Net Revenues - $525mm. For fiscal 2003 tests
                           need only be met at fiscal year end; thereafter, on
                           a rolling 12 month basis, tested quarterly.

8. Additional Covenants,
   Representations, etc.   The applicable representations, warranties covenants
                           and conditions in the Extension Agreement will be
                           included.

9. Standard Real Estate.   Standard Real Estate conditions including but not
                           limited to Appraisals by appraisers acceptable to
                           Lender. ALTA title policies showing Bank's mortgages
                           or first liens subject to no exception. Evidence of
                           zoning, use permits payment of property taxes to
                           date. Recent surveys address to the Bank showing no
                           encroachments.


                                     B-10
<PAGE>

This Summary of Principal Terms and Conditions is not meant to be, nor shall it
be construed as an attempt to describe the specific phrasing of documentation
clauses. Rather, it is intended only to outline principal terms to be included
in the Financing Agreements. It is anticipated that NSC may be made a Borrower.



                                      B-11

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
