<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>doc3.txt
<TEXT>
<PAGE>



                                    EXHIBIT 2
                                    ---------


                                       6
<PAGE>




March 3, 2003

Dear ADR Holder,

The Board is pleased to advise that the Annual  General  Meeting of  Futuremedia
Plc will be held at 9.00 am on April 17, 2003, at the Hilton Avisford Park Hotel
in Walberton, West Sussex, England.

All ADR holders are invited,  and if you wish to attend,  either in person or by
proxy,  please advise before April 4, 2003, in order that sufficient  places are
available, and bring personal identification with you.

If you  wish to  record  your  vote at this  meeting  on any of the  Resolutions
listed,  a copy of which is  enclosed,  either in  person  or by  proxy,  please
complete the enclosed proxy form and return it as instructed. Your vote will not
be included  without the proper  completion and filing of this form, even if you
attend on the day.

To minimise  expense,  it has been  decided  not to make a general  issue of the
Annual  Report to all ADR  holders  this year.  The Report is  available  on our
website  (www.futuremedia.co.uk),  or on request from the  Company's  registered
office or from the Bank of New York at either of the following offices:

                  Bank Of New York                            Bank Of New York
                  ADR Division                                ADR Division
                  101, Barclay Street 15E                     1, Canada Square
                  New York                                    London
                  New York 10286                              E14 5AL
                  USA                                         England

The Annual  Report is also being  filed  electronically  with the United  States
Securities  and Exchange  Commission  on Form 6-K and should be available on the
SEC's website (www.sec.gov). Reference is also made to the Company's most recent
annual  report  on Form  20-F  that  was  filed  electronically  with the SEC on
November 15, 2002.

By order of the Board


/s/ P G Machin
--------------


P G Machin
Secretary


                                       7
<PAGE>

                                 Futuremedia PLC

              Instructions to THE BANK OF NEW YORK, as Depositary
              (Must be received prior to 5:00 PM on April 10, 2003)

     The  undersigned  registered  holder of American  Depositary  Shares hereby
requests and instructs The Bank of New York, as  Depositary,  through its Agent,
to endeavor,  in so far as practicable,  to vote or cause to be voted the amount
of Deposited  Securities  underlying the American Depositary Shares evidenced by
Receipts  registered  in  the  name  of the  undersigned  on  the  books  of the
Depositary  as of the close of  business  on  February  24,  2003 at the  Annual
General  Meeting of Futuremedia  PLC to be held on April 17, 2003, in respect of
the resolutions specified on the reverse hereof.

NOTES:

Instructions as to voting on the specified resolutions should be Indicated by an
"X" In the appropriate  box, The Depositary  shall not vote the amount of shares
underlying an ADS except in accordance with instructions from the holder of such
ADS.

                                                       FUTUREMEDIA PLC
                                                       P.O. BOX 11085
                                                       NEW YORK, NY  10203-0085
To change your address, please mark this box  [ ]

To include any comments, please mark this box [ ]

             Please  complete and date this proxy on the reverse side and return
              it promptly in the accompanying envelope.

                                        8
<PAGE>

                             DETACH PROXY CARD HERE
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                     [X]
[ ] Mark, Sign, Date and Return                 Votes must be indicated
    the Proxy Card Promptly                     (x) in Black or Blue ink.
    Using the Enclosed Envelope
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

<S>                         <C>  <C>                               <C>    <C>                   <C>    <C>          <C>   <C>
Please refer to company     FOR  AGAINST                            FOR   AGAINST               FOR  AGAINST
agents for further
explanation of resolutions
                                                                                            Ordinary Resolution
1. To receive the Report                  e)                                            6.  To consider the
   of Directors and the                                              [ ]    [ ]             following resolution    [ ]    [ ]
   Audited Accounts for
   the year ended 30
   April 2002.

   Ordinary Resolutions                       Special Resolution                            Special Resolution
2. To consider each of                    3.  To consider the                           7.  To consider the
   the following                              following resolution   [ ]    [ ]             following resolution    [ ]    [ ]
   resolutions

a)                      [ ]    [ ]            Ordinary Resolution
                                          4.  To consider the                           8.  To re-appoint
b)                      [ ]    [ ]            following resolution   [ ]    [ ]             Messrs BDO Stoy         [ ]    [ ]
                                                                                            Hayward as the
                                                                                            Auditors
                                              Special Resolution
                                          5.  To  consider  the                         9.  To  authorise
                                              the  following                                Directors to fix
                                              resolution             [ ]   [ ]              the remuneration        [ ]    [ ]
                                                                                             of the Auditors
c)                      [ ]    [ ]



d)                      [ ]    [ ]                                                      10. To transact any
                                                                                            other ordinary
                                                                                            business of the
                                                                                            Company
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

<S>                                                <C> <C>              <C>

                                                                        SCAN LINE

/                                                  /   The Voting Instruction must be signed by the person in whose
                                                       name the relevant Receipt is registered on the books of the
                                                       Depositary.  In the case of a Corporation, the Voting
                                                       Instruction must be executed by a duty authorized Officer or
                                                       Attorney.

                                                       Date         Share Owner sign here  Co-Owner sign here

                                                   /    -----------  ---------------------  ------------------------
</TABLE>


                                       9
<PAGE>



                        FUTUREMEDIA PLC AND SUBSIDIARIES

Dear Shareholder,

The Directors are pleased to present the Annual Report and Accounts for the year
ended 30th April 2002.  Please note that this Report includes both the financial
summaries that all Nasdaq-listed  foreign registrants are required to prepare in
accordance  with the Securities and Exchange  Commission  regulations,  together
with the statutory information in accordance with UK Companies Act requirements.

2002 saw  Futuremedia  continuing to  consolidate  its position as a provider of
complete  e-learning  solutions to the corporate market.  Revenues  year-on-year
showed an encouraging  growth of 23%, and more  importantly,  from the middle of
the year have established a consistently upward trend that continues to date.

In order to strengthen the Company's  position as a provider of total e-learning
solutions,  Futuremedia  acquired the assets and staff of Palm Teach limited,  a
small content-production  business in March 2002, and in May 2002 acquired C2W a
professional   services  company  focused  on  providing   resource   management
consultancy services to large international  corporates.  Both acquisitions were
completed  as  stock  transactions,   and  both  units  are  making  significant
contribution to the overall capability of the Company.

Futuremedia  continued to trade at a loss for the year,  but, as a result of the
cost management  activities  undertaken throughout the year, and the increase in
revenues,  the operating losses were 47% lower than those for the previous year,
and showed a consistent quarter-on-quarter improvement.

The  continuing  losses have resulted in the company  requiring  further cash to
provide  working  capital.  During  and since the end of the year,  the  Company
completed  several  private  placements  aggregating  $1.4  million from new and
existing shareholders for a total of approximately 18 million shares.

Subsequent  to the year end, the Company  contracted  for the sale of its office
premises,  with completion in two parts, the first in January 2003 and the final
completion  on vacation of the premises.  Proceeds  from the sale,  aided by the
provision of a bridging  facility by HSBC, net of the repayment of the long term
loan, outstanding since July 2002, will provide further working capital.

As a result of its  business  performance,  the  Company did not meet the Nasdaq
listing  criteria as at the end of April 2002. In order to maintain its listing,
and to provide further funds to permit the Company achieve its strategic  goals,
in January  2003 the Company  decided to seek further  investment  on terms that
require  shareholder  approval.  The  mechanism  adopted  was  the  issue  of  a
convertible loan note that would automatically  convert to equity on shareholder
approval.

The Company's  Annual General  Meeting will be held at the Hilton  Avisford Park
Hotel,  Walberton,  near  Arundel,  West Sussex,  England at 9.00am on April 17,
2003.

An agenda for the Annual general Meeting is enclosed.

We hope that you will be able to attend the Meeting,  and it would assist in our
arrangements  if you would kindly  return the slip  overleaf.  If you do attend,
please be sure to bring with you  evidence of identity  and  shareholdership  to
ensure entry.

Sincerely
The Board


                                       10
<PAGE>

                        FUTUREMEDIA PLC AND SUBSIDIARIES


The Company Secretary,
Futuremedia PLC
Media House, Arundel Road,
Walberton,
Arundel,
West Sussex BN18 0QP
England
Fax: (0041) 1243-555020
E-mail: fm@futuremedia .co.uk
        --------------


I will/will not* be attending the Company's  A.G.M on Thursday April 17th,  2003
at 9.00 am *delete as appropriate

                                           Signed.............................
                                  Please print name...........................
                                          Address.............................
                                                ..............................
                                                 .............................


                                       11
<PAGE>

                        FUTUREMEDIA PLC AND SUBSIDIARIES


                   NOTICE AND AGENDA OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

NOTICE IS HEREBY  GIVEN that the Annual  General  Meeting of the Company will be
held at The Hilton Avisford Park Hotel, Walberton, Arundel, West Sussex BN18 0LS
on 17th April, 2003 at 9.00 am for the following purposes:

1.   To receive the Report of  Directors  and the Audited  Accounts for the year
     ended 30 April 2002.

2.   To consider each of the following resolutions:

                              ORDINARY RESOLUTIONS

     (a)  To re-elect Mr D Bailey as Director

     (b)  To re-elect Mr R Herter as Director

     (c)  To re-elect Mr M Johansson as Director

     (d)  To re-elect Mr. J Vandamme as Director

     (e)  To re-elect Mr. C Wit as Director

3.   To consider the following resolution:

                               SPECIAL RESOLUTION

     THAT  the  authorised   share  capital  of  the  Company  be  increased  by
     GBP555,555.55  to   GBP1,388,888.88   by  the  creation  of  an  additional
     50,000,000 ordinary shares of 1 1/9 pence each and that Article 5(A) of the
     Company's Articles of Association be amended accordingly.

4.   To consider the following resolution:

                               ORDINARY RESOLUTION
                               -------------------

     THAT the Directors be and they are generally and unconditionally authorised
pursuant to section 80 of the  Companies  Act 1985 to exercise  any power of the
Company to allot and grant rights to subscribe for or to convert securities into
shares of the Company up to a maximum nominal amount equal to the nominal amount

                                       12
<PAGE>
                        FUTUREMEDIA PLC AND SUBSIDIARIES


of the  authorised but unissued share capital at the date of the passing of this
resolution,  provided  that the  authority  hereby given shall expire five years
after the passing of this resolution  unless  previously  renewed or varied save
that the Directors may,  notwithstanding  such expiry, allot any shares or grant
any such rights under this authority in pursuant of any offer or agreement so to
do made by the Company before the expiry of this authority.

5.   To consider the following resolution:

                               SPECIAL RESOLUTION
                               ------------------

     THAT the  Directors  be and  they  are  hereby  empowered  to allot  equity
     securities  (as  defined in section  94 of the  Companies  Act 1985) of the
     Company  under  the  authority  conferred  by  resolution  4  above  as  if
     subsection  (1) of  section 89 of the  Companies  Act 1985 did not apply to
     such  allotment  and the  Directors  shall be  entitled to make at any time
     prior to the expiry of the power  hereby  conferred  any offer or agreement
     which would or might require  equity  securities  to be allotted  after the
     expiry of such  power and the  Directors  may allot  equity  securities  in
     pursuance of such offer or agreement as if the power  conferred  hereby had
     not expired.

6.   To consider the following resolution:

                               ORDINARY RESOLUTION

     THAT,  without  prejudice to the  generality of the authority  conferred by
     resolution 4 above,  the proposed  allotment of and the grants of rights to
     subscribe  for or to  convert  securities  into up to  35,000,000  ordinary
     shares of 11/9 p each in the Company to new or existing shareholders (or to
     BNY (Nominees)  Limited as their nominee),  at a subscription  price of not
     less than $0.085 per share  payable in full on allotment or by  instalments
     be and it is hereby approved.

7.   To consider the following resolution:

                               SPECIAL RESOLUTION

     THAT the Company's Articles of Association be amended as follows:

     (a)  by inserting the following definition in Article 1:


                                       13
<PAGE>
                        FUTUREMEDIA PLC AND SUBSIDIARIES


     ""electronic communication" means a communication transmitted (whether from
     one  person to  another,  from one  device to another or from a person to a
     device or vice versa):

     (a)  by means of a  telecommunication  system  (within  the  meaning of the
          Telecommunications Act 1984); or

     (b)  by other means but while in an electronic form;"

(b)  by inserting a new Article 152A to read as follows:

"152A As far as the Statutes allow  copies  of  the  Directors'  and  Auditor's
     report,  annual  accounts  and summary financial statements (if applicable)
     may  be sent, delivered or made available to any of the persons to whom the
     Company  is  required  to  send,  deliver  or make available such documents
     pursuant  to  Article  151  and  152  by  any  of  the  following  methods:

     (a)  by post;

     (b)  by fax to an address  notified  to the Company by such person for such
          purpose;

     (c)  by electronic  communication  to an address notified to the Company by
          such person for such purpose;

     (d)  by publishing  such documents on a web site or web sites and notifying
          such persons (by one of the methods referred to in Articles 156 to 161
          (inclusive))  of the  publication of such documents on a web site, the
          address  of the web  site and  where  and how  such  documents  may be
          accessed."

(c)  by  deleting  Article  156,  and by  replacing  it with the  following  new
     Articles 156A, 156B, 156C and 156D:

"156A Any notice  to be given to or by any  person  pursuant  to these  Articles
     shall be in writing or shall be given using electronic communications to an
     address for the time being  notified for that purpose to the person  giving

                                       14
<PAGE>
                        FUTUREMEDIA PLC AND SUBSIDIARIES


     the  notice,  except  that a notice  convening  a Board or Board  committee
     meeting need not be in writing.

156B The  Company  may  deliver a notice or other  document,  including  a share
     certificate, to a member:

     (a)  by delivering it by hand to the member at his registered address; or

     (b)  by post or other delivery service in a pre-paid envelope to the member
          at his registered address; or

     (c)  by fax (except for share  certificates)  to an address notified to the
          Company by the member for such purpose; or

     (d)  by  electronic  communication  (except for share  certificates)  to an
          address notified to the Company by the member for such purpose; or

     (e)  where the Statutes  permit by publishing  such notice or document on a
          web site or web sites and  notifying  members  (by one of the  methods
          listed in paragraphs (a) - (d) of this Article) of the  publication of
          such notice and documents may be accessed.

     In this Article "address" in relation to fax and electronic  communications
     means any number or address used for the purposes of such communications.

156C In the case of joint holders of a share,  all notices or documents shall be
     given to the joint  holder  whose  name  stands  first in the  register  of
     members  in  respect  of the  joint  holding.  Notice  so  given  shall  be
     sufficient notice to all the joint holders.

156D Where a member (or, in the case of joint holders, the person first named in
     the  register  of  members)  has a  registered  address  outside the United
     Kingdom  but has  notified  the  Company  of an  address  within the United
     Kingdom  at  which  notices  or other  documents  may be given to him or an
     address to which notices may be sent using  electronic  communications,  he

                                       15
<PAGE>
                        FUTUREMEDIA PLC AND SUBSIDIARIES


     shall  be  entitled  to have  notices  given  to him at that  address;  but
     otherwise  no such  member  shall be  entitled  to  receive  any  notice or
     document from the Company."

(d)  by inserting the following additional wording at the end of Article 158:

     "Any notice or other document (other than a share  certificate), if sent by
     fax, shall be deemed to have been served or delivered 24 hours after it was
     transmitted  and proof that the fax was properly  addressed and transmitted
     shall be conclusive evidence that the notice was given. Any notice or other
     document  (other  than  a  share   certificate),   if  sent  by  electronic
     communications,  shall be deemed to have been served or  delivered 24 hours
     after it was transmitted and proof that the fax was properly  addressed and
     transmitted  shall be conclusive  evidence  that the notice was given.  The
     deemed   delivery   or  service   of  any  notice  by  fax  or   electronic
     communications in accordance with this Article shall not be affected by the
     failure in any transmission by fax or electronic  communications beyond the
     control of the Company."

8.   To re-appoint Messrs BDO Stoy Hayward as the Auditors.

9.   To authorise the Directors to fix the remuneration of the Auditors.

10.  To transact any other ordinary business of the Company.

                                                        By Order of the Board


                                                           /s/ P G Machin
                                                           --------------
                                                           P G Machin
                                                           Secretary

Registered Office: Media House, Arundel Road, Walberton, West Sussex, England

Dated:             3rd March 2003

(1)  A member entitled to attend and vote at this Meeting is entitled to appoint
     one or more proxies to attend and vote in his stead.  A proxy need not be a
     member of the Company.

(2)  Members and proxies may be asked to produce  evidence of their  identity in
     order to be admitted to the Meeting.

                                       16
<PAGE>
                        FUTUREMEDIA PLC AND SUBSIDIARIES



Voting Procedures
-----------------

         The votes of shareholders  present in person or represented by proxy at
the Annual General Meeting will be tabulated by the Company Secretary.

         A quorum,  consisting  of at least two persons  present in person or by
proxy, and holding or representing by proxy in aggregate not less than one third
of the issued  share  capital of the Company on 11th March 2003 will be required
for the  transaction  of the  business  on the  agenda  for the  Annual  General
Meeting.

         The  affirmative  vote of the majority of the holders of shares present
in person or by proxy and voting at the Annual  General  Meeting is  required to
approve the resolutions on the agenda for the Annual General Meeting.

         Except as provided below, the enclosed proxy, if executed and returned,
will be voted as directed in the proxy.

         In the case of  abstentions  from voting of shares on any  matter,  the
shares which are the subject of abstention  ("non-voted shares") will be counted
for  determination  of a  quorum,  but will not be  counted  as  affirmative  or
negative votes on the matter to be voted upon.  Brokers may not vote shares held
in  street  name  on  behalf  of  customers  on  a  proposal   without  specific
instructions  from  their  customers.   If  a  stockholder  has  not  given  any
instructions on the proposals,  then the votes  attaching to such  stockholder's
shares are not counted  for  purposes of a quorum.  If a  stockholder  has given
instructions  on some but not all of the proposals,  then the votes attaching to
the  stockholder's  shares are counted for the determination of a quorum for all
purposes.  On any given proposal,  where no  instructions  are received from the
customer,  the votes attaching to such stockholder's shares ("broker non-votes")
will not be counted as  affirmative  or negative votes on the matter to be voted
upon.



                                       17
<PAGE>

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
