<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>qcrholdexhbt1012.txt
<TEXT>
Exhibit 10.12


                          EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT BETWEEN
                   QUAD CITY HOLDINGS, INC. AND TODD A. GIPPLE
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



         THIS EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (this "Agreement") dated as of the 5th day of
January, 2000, is between QUAD CITY HOLDINGS,  INC. (the "Employer") and TODD A.
GIPPLE (the "Employee").

                              W I T N E S S E T H:

        Section 1. Employment. The Employer hereby employs the Employee, and the
Employee  hereby accepts  employment,  upon  ---------- the terms and conditions
hereinafter set forth.

        Section  2.  Duties.   The  Employee  agrees  to  provide  all  services
necessary, incidental or convenient as an Executive Vice President and the Chief
Financial  Officer of the  Employer  and a Senior Vice  President  and the Chief
Financial  Officer  of the Quad  City Bank and  Trust  Company  and of Quad City
Bancard,  Inc. The Employer  shall  designate  the location or locations for the
performance  of the  Employee's  services.  The Employer  shall  furnish or make
available to the Employee such equipment,  office space and other facilities and
services as shall be adequate and necessary for the performance of his duties.

        Section 3. Term. The term of this Agreement shall commence on January 5,
2000 (the "Effective Date"), and shall continue for a period of three (3) years.
This Agreement shall  automatically  extend for one (1) year on each anniversary
of the Effective  Date,  unless  terminated by either party  effective as of the
last day of the then current three (3) year  extension by written notice to that
effect  delivered  to the  other  not less than  ninety  (90) days  prior to the
anniversary of such Effective Date.

        Section 4. Compensation.

             (a) The annual  compensation  (as  defined  below) of the  Employee
shall be One Hundred and Ten  Thousand  Dollars  ($110,000).  Said  compensation
shall be payable bi-weekly, in equal installments beginning January 5, 2000.

             (b) The  Employee's  base  compensation  shall be subject to review
annually,  with the first such review  period to commence on June 30, 2000,  and
shall be maintained or increased  during the term hereof in accordance  with the
Employer's established  management  compensation policies and plan. The Employee
shall also be entitled to receive cash bonuses based upon performance  which may
be granted in the future in the discretion of the Employer.

        Section 5. Benefits. The Employer shall provide the following additional
benefits to the Employee:

             (a) Family medical insurance;

             (b)  Reimbursement of reasonable  expenses advanced by the Employee
in connection with the performance of his duties hereunder,  including,  but not
limited to, two (2) paid weeks of continuing education,  Davenport Club dues and
Outing Club dues;

             (c) The Employee  will  initially be entitled to  twenty-five  (25)
personal  days  which  may  be  increased  in  accordance  with  the  Employer's
established policies and practices;

             (d)  Long-term  and   short-term   disability   coverage  equal  to
approximately  66-2/3% of  compensation,  subject to the terms of the Employer's
insurance or other policies covering the same;

             (e) Participation in the Employer's 401(k)/profit sharing plan;

             (f)  Non-qualified  stock options in accordance with the Employer's
current  stock  incentive  plan enabling the Employee to acquire 7,500 shares of
the  Employer's  stock as of the Effective Date and 1,500  additional  shares on
each of the succeeding  five (5)  anniversaries  of the Effective  Date, with an
exercise  price for all such options equal to the market price of the Employer's
stock as of the close of  business on the day prior to the  Effective  Date and,
concurrently  with the grant and  vesting of such  options,  15,000 tax  benefit
rights; and

             (g) Term life insurance of two (2) times annual  compensation,  and
the Employee will be allowed to purchase  additional  life insurance of at least
two (2) times annual compensation through such plan.


                                       1
<PAGE>

        Section 6. Time Requirement.  The Employee shall devote full time to his
duties under this  Agreement.  The Employee shall be allowed to serve on outside
boards of directors subject to the consent of the Employer.

        Section  7.  Termination  upon  Disability  or Death.  In the event that
illness,  incapacity,  injury  or  death  of  the  Employee  occurs  during  the
employment  term,  payments based upon the  Employee's  then current annual base
compensation shall continue  thereafter through the last day of the one (1) year
period  beginning  on the date of such  illness,  incapacity,  injury  or death.
Payments made in the event of the Employee's illness,  incapacity or injury will
be reduced by any amounts  received  under the Employer's  long-term  disability
program. In the event of the Employee's death during the term of this Agreement,
such  amounts  shall be  payable  to the  persons  designated  in writing by the
Employee, or if none, to his estate.

        Section 8. Confidentiality and Loyalty.  The Employee  acknowledges that
during the course of his  employment  he has  produced and will produce and have
access to material,  records,  data, trade secrets and information not generally
available to the public (collectively, "Confidential Information") regarding the
Employer and its subsidiaries and affiliates. Accordingly, during and subsequent
to termination of this Agreement,  the Employee shall hold in confidence and not
directly  or  indirectly  disclose,   use,  copy  or  make  lists  of  any  such
Confidential  Information,  except to the  extent  that such  information  is or
thereafter becomes lawfully available from public sources, or such disclosure is
authorized  in  writing  by the  Employer,  required  by a law or any  competent
administrative  agency  or  judicial  authority,   or  otherwise  as  reasonably
necessary or appropriate in connection  with  performance by the Employee of his
duties hereunder.  All records,  files,  documents and other materials or copies
thereof relating to the business of Employer and its subsidiaries and affiliates
which the Employee  shall prepare or use,  shall be and remain the sole property
of the Employer,  shall not be removed from the Employer's  premises without its
written consent, and shall be promptly returned to the Employer upon termination
of the  Employee's  employment  hereunder.  The Employee  agrees to abide by the
Employer's  reasonable  policies,  as in effect  from  time to time,  respecting
avoidance  of  interests   conflicting  with  those  of  the  Employer  and  its
subsidiaries and affiliates.

        Section 9. Non-Competition.

             (a)  Restrictive  Covenant.  The  Employer  and the  Employee  have
jointly reviewed the operations of the Employer and have agreed that the primary
service area of the Employer's lending and  deposit-taking  functions extends to
an area  encompassing  a thirty  (30) mile  radius  from the main  office of the
Employer.  Therefore, as an essential ingredient of and in consideration of this
Agreement  and the  payment of the  amounts  described  in Sections 4 and 5, the
Employee  hereby agrees that,  except with the express prior written  consent of
the  Employer,  for a period  of two (2)  years  after  the  termination  of the
Employee's employment with the Employer (the "Restrictive  Period"), he will not
directly or indirectly compete with the business of the Employer, including, but
not by way of limitation, by directly or indirectly owning, managing, operating,
controlling,  financing,  or by directly or  indirectly  serving as an employee,
officer or director of, or  consultant  to, or by  soliciting  or  inducing,  or
attempting  to solicit or  induce,  any  employee  or agent of the  Employer  to
terminate  employment with the Employer and become employed by any person, firm,
partnership, corporation, trust or other entity which owns or operates an office
or other business location of: (i) a bank, savings and loan association,  credit
union or similar financial institution,  or (ii) an insurance company or agency,
investment brokerage firm or other entity or organization involved in the retail
sale of investment  products or the making of retail or commercial loans (any of
the foregoing  referred to in clauses (i) or (ii) collectively  referred to as a
"Financial Institution") within a thirty (30) mile radius of the Employer's main
office (the  "Restrictive  Covenant").  If the Employee violates the Restrictive
Covenant and the Employer  brings legal action for  injunctive  or other relief,
the  Employer  shall not,  as a result of the time  involved in  obtaining  such
relief,  be  deprived  of the  benefit  of the full  period  of the  Restrictive
Covenant.  Accordingly,  the  Restrictive  Covenant  shall be deemed to have the
duration specified in this Section computed from the date the relief is granted,
but reduced by the time between the period when the Restrictive  Period began to
run and the date of the  first  violation  of the  Restrictive  Covenant  by the
Employee.  The foregoing  Restrictive  Covenant  shall not prohibit the Employee
from owning directly or indirectly capital stock or similar securities which are
listed on a securities  exchange or quoted on the Nasdaq which do not  represent
more than one percent (1%) of the  outstanding  capital  stock of any  Financial
Institution.  Notwithstanding  anything  contained  herein to the contrary,  the
Employee shall be permitted to remain as a director and a shareholder of Buffalo
Savings Bank, Buffalo, Iowa.

                                       2
<PAGE>

             (b)  Remedies  for Breach of  Restrictive  Covenant.  The  Employee
acknowledges  that the restrictions  contained in this Section and Section 8 are
reasonable and necessary for the protection of the legitimate business interests
of  the  Employer,   that  any  violation  of  these  restrictions  would  cause
substantial  injury to the Employer and such interests,  that the Employer would
not have entered into this  Agreement  with the Employee  without  receiving the
additional  consideration  offered by the  Employee in binding  himself to these
restrictions  and that  such  restrictions  were a  material  inducement  to the
Employer  to  enter  into  this  Agreement.  In the  event of any  violation  or
threatened violation of these restrictions, the Employer, in addition to and not
in  limitation  of,  any other  rights,  remedies  or damages  available  to the
Employer  under  this  Agreement  or  otherwise  at law or in  equity,  shall be
entitled to preliminary and permanent  injunctive  relief to prevent or restrain
any  such  violation  by the  Employee  and  any  and all  persons  directly  or
indirectly acting for or with him, as the case may be.

        Section 10. Severance.

             (a) If the Employee is terminated without Cause (as defined below),
a severance  payment will be made equal to six (6) months of compensation.  Such
payment shall be made in a lump sum within  fifteen (15) days of  termination or
in equal  installments over the six (6) month period, at the Employer's  option.
If a Change of Control  (as  defined  below) of the  ownership  of the  Employer
occurs and the Employee  elects  within six months  thereafter  to terminate his
employment,  a  severance  payment  will be made  within  fifteen  (15)  days of
termination equal to two (2) years of compensation.

             (b) For  purposes  of this  Section,  the term  "Change in Control"
shall mean the following:

                  (1) The consummation of the acquisition by any person (as such
term is defined  in Section  13(d) or 14(d) of the  Securities  Exchange  Act of
1934, as amended (the "1934 Act")) of beneficial  ownership  (within the meaning
of Rule 13d-3 promulgated  under the 1934 Act) of thirty-three  percent (33%) or
more of the combined voting power of the then outstanding  voting  securities of
the Employer; or

                  (2) The individuals who, as of the date hereof, are members of
the board of  directors of the Employer  (the  "Board")  cease for any reason to
constitute  a majority of the Board,  unless the  election,  or  nomination  for
election by the  stockholders,  of any new  director was approved by a vote of a
majority  of the  Board,  and such new  director  shall,  for  purposes  of this
Agreement, be considered as a member of the Board; or

                  (3) Approval by stockholders of: (A) a merger or consolidation
if the stockholders, immediately before such merger or consolidation, do not, as
a result of such merger or consolidation, own, directly or indirectly, more than
sixty-seven  percent (67%) of the combined voting power of the then  outstanding
voting securities of the entity resulting from such merger or consolidation,  in
substantially  the same  proportion  as their  ownership of the combined  voting
power of the voting  securities  outstanding  immediately  before such merger or
consolidation;  or (B) a complete liquidation or dissolution or an agreement for
the sale or other  disposition of all or substantially  all of the assets of the
entity.

             (c) Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Change in Control shall not be
deemed  to  occur  solely  because  thirty-three  percent  (33%)  or more of the
combined voting power of the then  outstanding  securities is acquired by: (1) a
trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under one or more employee benefit
plans  maintained  for employees of the entity;  or (2) any  corporation  which,
immediately  prior to such  acquisition,  is owned directly or indirectly by the
stockholders  in the same  proportion  as their  ownership of stock  immediately
prior to such acquisition.

                                       3
<PAGE>

             (d) It is the  intention of the  Employer and the Employee  that no
portion of any payment under this  Agreement,  or payments to or for the benefit
of the Employee  under any other  agreement or plan,  be deemed to be an "Excess
Parachute  Payment" as defined in Section 280G of the  Internal  Revenue Code of
1986, as amended (the "Code"), or its successors.  It is agreed that the present
value of and  payments  to or for the  benefit of the  Employee in the nature of
compensation,  receipt  of which is  contingent  on the Change of Control of the
Employer, and to which Section 280G of the Code applies (in the aggregate "Total
Payments")  shall not exceed an amount equal to one dollar less than the maximum
amount  which the  Employer  may pay without  loss of  deduction  under  Section
280G(a) of the Code.  Present  value for  purposes  of this  Agreement  shall be
calculated in accordance with Section  280G(d)(4) of the Code. Within sixty (60)
days following the earlier of: (1) the giving of the notice of  termination;  or
(2) the giving of notice by the  Employer  to the  Employee  of its belief  that
there is a payment or benefit  due the  Employee  which will result in an Excess
Parachute  Payment as defined in Section 280G of the Code,  the Employee and the
Employer,  at the  Employer's  expense,  shall  obtain the opinion of such legal
counsel  and   certified   public   accountants   as  the  Employee  may  choose
(notwithstanding  the fact that such persons have acted or may also be acting as
the legal  counsel or certified  public  accountants  for the  Employer),  which
opinions need not be unqualified, which sets forth: (1) the amount of the annual
base compensation of the Employee;  (2) the present value of Total Payments; and
(3) the amount and present value of any Excess Parachute Payments.  In the event
that such opinions  determine that there would be an Excess  Parachute  Payment,
the payment  hereunder  or any other  payment  determined  by such counsel to be
includable  in Total  Payments  shall be  modified,  reduced  or  eliminated  as
specified by the Employee in writing  delivered  to the Employer  within  thirty
(30) days of his receipt of such opinions or, if the Employee fails to so notify
the Employer, then as the Employer shall reasonably determine, so that under the
bases  of  calculation  set  forth  in such  opinions  there  will be no  Excess
Parachute  Payment.   The  provisions  of  this   subparagraph,   including  the
calculations,  notices and opinions  provided for herein shall be based upon the
conclusive  presumption  that: (1) the compensation and benefits provided for in
Sections 4 and 5 hereof; and (2) any other  compensation  earned by the Employee
pursuant to the Employer's  compensation  programs which would have been paid in
any event, are reasonable  compensation for services  rendered,  even though the
timing of such payment is triggered by the Change of Control; provided, however,
that in the event such legal counsel so requests in connection  with the opinion
required by this  subparagraph,  the Employee and the Employer shall obtain,  at
the  Employer's  expense,  and the legal  counsel may rely on in  providing  the
opinion, the advice of a firm of recognized executive  compensation  consultants
as to the  reasonableness  of any item of  compensation  to be  received  by the
Employee. In the event that the provisions of Sections 280G and 4999 of the Code
are repealed without succession,  this subparagraph shall be of no further force
or effect.

             (e) If the Employer is not in compliance  with any minimum  capital
requirements  applicable  to it or if the payments  required  under this Section
would cause the Employer's  capital to be reduced below any such minimum capital
requirements, such payments shall be deferred until such time as the Employer is
in capital  compliance.  At the election of the Employee,  which  election is to
made within thirty (30) days of the Employee's termination,  such payments shall
be  made  in a lump  sum or  paid  monthly  during  the  remaining  term of this
Agreement following the Employee's termination. In the event that no election is
made,  payment  to the  Employee  will be made on a  monthly  basis  during  the
remaining  term of this  Agreement.  Such  payments  shall not be reduced in the
event the  Employee  obtains  other  employment  following  the  termination  of
employment by the Employer.

        Section 11.  Termination for Cause. This Agreement may be terminated for
cause as hereinafter  defined.  "Cause" for  termination  will exist if: (a) the
Employee  dies or suffers a  disability  which  leaves him unable as a result of
physical or mental incapacity, substantially to perform his duties hereunder for
a period of six (6) consecutive  months; (b) the Employee engages in one or more
unsafe  and  unsound  business  practices  or  material  violations  of a law or
regulation  applicable to the Employer,  any repeated  violations of a policy of
the  Employer  after  being  warned in writing by the Board not to violate  such
policy or any single  violation  of a policy of the  Employer if such  violation
materially  and  adversely  affects the business or affairs of the Employer or a
direction  or  order of the  Board;  (c) the  Employee  engages  in a breach  of
fiduciary duty or act of dishonesty  involving the affairs of the Employer;  (d)
the Employee commits a material breach of his obligations  under this Agreement;
or (e) the willful or  negligent  failure of the  Employee to perform his duties
hereunder  in any  material  respect,  or with  the  degree  of  skill,  care or
competence  which the Board should  reasonably  expect given the Employee's age,
experience and compensation level. The Employee shall be entitled to at least 30
days'  prior  written  notice  of the  Employer's  intention  to  terminate  his
employment  for any cause (except the Employee's  death)  specifying the grounds
for such  termination,  a reasonable  opportunity to cure any conduct or act, if
curable,  alleged as grounds for such termination,  and a reasonable opportunity
to present to the Board his  position  regarding  any  dispute  relating  to the
existence of such cause.

                                       4
<PAGE>

        Section 12. Indemnification.

             (a) The Employer  shall provide the Employee  (including his heirs,
personal  representatives,  executors and  administrators)  for the term of this
Agreement  with coverage  under a standard  directors'  and officers'  liability
insurance policy at its expense.

             (b) In  addition to the  insurance  coverage  provided  for in this
Section,  the Employer  shall hold  harmless and indemnify the Employee (and his
heirs,  executors and  administrators)  to the fullest  extent  permitted  under
applicable law against all expenses and liabilities  reasonably  incurred by him
in connection with or arising out of any action,  suit or proceeding in which he
may be involved by reason of his having been an officer of the Employer (whether
or not he continues to be an officer at the time of incurring  such  expenses or
liabilities),  such expenses and liabilities to include,  but not be limited to,
judgments,   court  costs  and  attorneys'  fees  and  the  cost  of  reasonable
settlements.

             (c) In the event the Employee  becomes a party, or is threatened to
be made a party,  to any action,  suit or proceeding  for which the Employer has
agreed to provide insurance coverage or indemnification  under this Section, the
Employer shall, to the full extent  permitted under  applicable law, advance all
expenses (including  reasonable  attorneys' fees,  judgments,  fines and amounts
paid in  settlement  (collectively  "Expenses"))  incurred  by the  Employee  in
connection  with  the  investigation,  defense,  settlement  or  appeal  of  any
threatened,  pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, subject to receipt
by the Employer of a written undertaking from the Employee: (1) to reimburse the
Employer for all Expenses  actually  paid by the Employer to or on behalf of the
Employee in the event it shall be ultimately determined that the Employee is not
entitled to indemnification by the Employer for such Expenses; and (2) to assign
to the Employer all rights of the Employee to indemnification,  under any policy
of directors' and officers' liability  insurance or otherwise,  to the extent of
the amount of  Expenses  actually  paid by the  Employer  to or on behalf of the
Employee.

        Section 13. General Provisions.

             (a)  This   Agreement   supersedes   all   prior   agreements   and
understandings  between  the  parties  relating  to the  subject  matter of this
Agreement.  It binds and benefits the parties and their  successors in interest,
heirs, beneficiaries, legal representatives and assigns.

             (b) This Agreement is governed by and construed in accordance  with
the laws of the State of Iowa.

             (c) No amendment  or  modification  of this  Agreement is effective
unless made in writing and signed by each party.

             (d) This Agreement may be signed in several  counterparts,  each of
which will be an original and all of which will constitute one agreement.

             (e) When used in this Agreement, the term "compensation" shall mean
the  average of the cash  compensation,  including  any Bonus,  paid  during the
preceding  twelve (12) months to the  Employee by the  Employer  pursuant to the
terms of this Agreement.

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF,  the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as
of the date and year first above set forth.

QUAD CITY HOLDINGS, INC.

By:
    -------------------------------------   ------------------------------------

    Name:                                   TODD A. GIPPLE
          -------------------------------

    Title:
           ------------------------------

                                       5

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
