<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>ex10-12.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.12
<TEXT>




<PAGE>



                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.12

                             SIRIUS SATELLITE RADIO
                      2003 LONG-TERM STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN

    SECTION 1. Purpose. The purposes of this Sirius Satellite Radio 2003
Long-Term Stock Incentive Plan are to promote the interests of Sirius Satellite
Radio Inc. and its stockholders by (i) attracting and retaining employees of,
and consultants to, the Company and its Affiliates, as defined below;
(ii) motivating such individuals by means of performance-related incentives to
achieve longer-range performance goals; and (iii) enabling such individuals to
participate in the long-term growth and financial success of the Company.

    SECTION 2. Definitions. As used in the Plan, the following terms shall have
the meanings set forth below:

    'Affiliate' shall mean any entity (i) that, directly or indirectly, is
controlled by, controls or is under common control with, the Company or (ii) in
which the Company has a significant equity interest, in either case as
determined by the Committee.

    'Award' shall mean any Option, Stock Appreciation Right, Restricted Stock
Award, Restricted Stock Unit Award, Performance Award, Other Stock-Based Award
or Performance Compensation Award made or granted from time to time hereunder.

    'Award Agreement' shall mean any written agreement, contract, or other
instrument or document evidencing any Award, which may, but need not, be
executed or acknowledged by a Participant.

    'Board' shall mean the Board of Directors of the Company.

    'Change of Control' shall mean the occurrence of any of the following:
(i) the sale, lease, transfer, conveyance or other disposition, in one or a
series of related transactions, of all or substantially all of the assets of the
Company to any 'person' or 'group' (as such terms are used in Sections 13(d)(3)
and 14(d)(2) of the Exchange Act), (ii) any person or group is or becomes the
'beneficial owner' (as defined in Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Exchange Act,
except that a person shall be deemed to have 'beneficial ownership' of all
shares that any such person has the right to acquire, whether such right is
exercisable immediately or only after the passage of time), directly or
indirectly, of more than 50% of the total voting power of the voting stock of
the Company, including by way of merger, consolidation or otherwise or
(iii) during any period of two consecutive years, individuals who at the
beginning of such period constituted the Board (together with any new directors
whose election by such Board or whose nomination for election by the
stockholders of the Company was approved by a vote of a majority of the
directors of the Company, then still in office, who were either directors at the
beginning of such period or whose election or nomination for election was
previously so approved) cease for any reason to constitute a majority of the
Board, then in office.

    'Code' shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to
time.

    'Committee' shall mean a committee of the Board designated by the Board to
administer the Plan and composed of not less than two directors, each of whom is
required to be a 'Non-Employee Director' (within the meaning of Rule 16b-3) and
an 'outside director' (within the meaning of Section 162(m) of the Code) to the
extent Rule 16b-3 and Section 162(m) of the Code, respectively, are applicable
to the Company and the Plan. If at any time such a committee has not been so
designated, the Board shall constitute the Committee.

    'Company' shall mean Sirius Satellite Radio Inc., together with any
successor thereto.

    'Exchange Act' shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

    'Fair Market Value' shall mean (i) with respect to any property other than
Shares, the fair market value of such property determined by such methods or
procedures as shall be established from time to time by the Committee and
(ii) with respect to the Shares, as of any date, (1) the mean between the high
and low sales prices of the Shares on the Nasdaq Stock Market for such

                                      1





<PAGE>


date (or if not then trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market, the mean between the
high and low sales price of the Shares on the stock exchange or over-the-counter
market on which the Shares are principally trading on such date), or, if there
were no sales on such date, on the closest preceding date on which there were
sales of Shares or (2) in the event there shall be no public market for the
Shares on such date, the fair market value of the Shares as determined in good
faith by the Committee.

    'Incentive Stock Option' shall mean a right to purchase Shares from the
Company that is granted under Section 6 of the Plan and that is intended to meet
the requirements of Section 422 of the Code or any successor provision thereto.

    'Negative Discretion' shall mean the discretion authorized by the Plan to be
applied by the Committee to eliminate or reduce the size of a Performance
Compensation Award; provided that the exercise of such discretion would not
cause the Performance Compensation Award to fail to qualify as
'performance-based compensation' under Section 162(m) of the Code. By way of
example and not by way of limitation, in no event shall any discretionary
authority granted to the Committee by the Plan including, but not limited to,
Negative Discretion, be used to (a) grant or provide payment in respect of
Performance Compensation Awards for a Performance Period if the Performance
Goals for such Performance Period have not been attained or (b) increase a
Performance Compensation Award above the maximum amount payable under Section
4(a) or 11(d)(vi) of the Plan. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary,
in no event shall Negative Discretion be exercised by the Committee with respect
to any Option or Stock Appreciation Right (other than an Option or Stock
Appreciation Right that is intended to be a Performance Compensation Award under
Section 11 of the Plan).

    'Non-Qualified Stock Option' shall mean a right to purchase Shares from the
Company that is granted under Section 6 of the Plan and that is not intended to
be an Incentive Stock Option.

    'Option' shall mean an Incentive Stock Option or a Non-Qualified Stock
Option.

    'Other Stock-Based Award' shall mean any right granted under Section 10 of
the Plan.

    'Participant' shall mean any employee of, or consultant to, the Company or
its Subsidiaries eligible for an Award under Section 5 and selected by the
Committee to receive an Award under the Plan.

    'Performance Award' shall mean any right granted under Section 9 of the
Plan.

    'Performance Compensation Award' shall mean any Award designated by the
Committee as a Performance Compensation Award pursuant to Section 11 of the
Plan.

    'Performance Criteria' shall mean the criterion or criteria that the
Committee shall select for purposes of establishing the Performance Goal(s) for
a Performance Period with respect to any Performance Compensation Award under
the Plan. The Performance Criteria that will be used to establish the
Performance Goal(s) shall be based on the attainment of specific levels of
performance of the Company (or an Affiliate, division or operational unit of the
Company) and shall be limited to the following: return on net assets, return on
shareholders' equity, return on assets, return on capital, shareholder returns,
profit margin, earnings per Share, net earnings, operating earnings, earnings
before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, number of subscribers,
growth of subscribers, operating expenses, capital expenses, subscriber
acquisition costs, Share price or sales or market share. To the extent required
under Section 162(m) of the Code, the Committee shall, within the first 90 days
of a Performance Period (or, if longer, within the maximum period allowed under
Section 162(m) of the Code), define in an objective fashion the manner of
calculating the Performance Criteria it selects to use for such Performance
Period.

    'Performance Formula' shall mean, for a Performance Period, the one or more
objective formulas applied against the relevant Performance Goal to determine,
with regard to the Performance Compensation Award of a particular Participant,
whether all, some portion but less than all, or none of the Performance
Compensation Award has been earned for the Performance Period.

                                      2





<PAGE>


    'Performance Goals' shall mean, for a Performance Period, the one or more
goals established by the Committee for the Performance Period based upon the
Performance Criteria. The Committee is authorized at any time during the first
90 days of a Performance Period, or at any time thereafter (but only to the
extent the exercise of such authority after the first 90 days of a Performance
Period would not cause the Performance Compensation Awards granted to any
Participant for the Performance Period to fail to qualify as 'performance-based
compensation' under Section 162(m) of the Code), in its sole and absolute
discretion, to adjust or modify the calculation of a Performance Goal for such
Performance Period to the extent permitted under Section 162(m) of the Code in
order to prevent the dilution or enlargement of the rights of Participants,
(a) in the event of, or in anticipation of, any unusual or extraordinary
corporate item, transaction, event or development affecting the Company; or
(b) in recognition of, or in anticipation of, any other unusual or nonrecurring
events affecting the Company, or the financial statements of the Company, or in
response to, or in anticipation of, changes in applicable laws, regulations,
accounting principles, or business conditions.

    'Performance Period' shall mean the one or more periods of time of at least
one year in duration, as the Committee may select, over which the attainment of
one or more Performance Goals will be measured for the purpose of determining a
Participant's right to and the payment of a Performance Compensation Award.

    'Person' shall mean any individual, corporation, partnership, association,
limited liability company, joint-stock company, trust, unincorporated
organization, government or political subdivision thereof or other entity.

    'Plan' shall mean this Sirius Satellite Radio 2003 Long-Term Stock Incentive
Plan.

    'Restricted Stock' shall mean any Share granted under Section 8 of the Plan.

    'Restricted Stock Unit' shall mean any unit granted under Section 8 of the
Plan.

    'Rule 16b-3' shall mean Rule 16b-3 as promulgated and interpreted by the SEC
under the Exchange Act, or any successor rule or regulation thereto as in effect
from time to time.

    'SEC' shall mean the Securities and Exchange Commission or any successor
thereto and shall include the Staff thereof.

    'Shares' shall mean the common stock of the Company, $.001 par value, or
such other securities of the Company (i) into which such common stock shall be
changed by reason of a recapitalization, merger, consolidation, split-up,
combination, exchange of shares or other similar transaction or (ii) as may be
determined by the Committee pursuant to Section 4(b) of the Plan.

    'Stock Appreciation Right' shall mean any right granted under Section 7 of
the Plan.

    'Substitute Awards' shall have the meaning specified in Section 4(c) of the
Plan.

    SECTION 3. Administration. (a) The Plan shall be administered by the
Committee. Subject to the terms of the Plan and applicable law, and in addition
to other express powers and authorizations conferred on the Committee by the
Plan, the Committee shall have full power and authority to: (i) designate
Participants; (ii) determine the type or types of Awards to be granted to a
Participant and designate those Awards which shall constitute Performance
Compensation Awards; (iii) determine the number of Shares to be covered by, or
with respect to which payments, rights, or other matters are to be calculated in
connection with, Awards; (iv) determine the terms and conditions of any Award;
(v) determine whether, to what extent, and under what circumstances Awards may
be settled or exercised in cash, Shares, other securities, other Awards or other
property, or canceled, forfeited, or suspended and the method or methods by
which Awards may be settled, exercised, canceled, forfeited, or suspended;
(vi) determine whether, to what extent, and under what circumstances cash,
Shares, other securities, other Awards, other property, and other amounts
payable with respect to an Award (subject to Section 162(m) of the Code with
respect to Performance Compensation Awards) shall be deferred either
automatically or at the election of the holder thereof or of the Committee;
(vii) interpret, administer or reconcile any inconsistency, correct any defect,
resolve ambiguities and/or supply any omission in the Plan and any instrument or
agreement relating to, or Award made under, the Plan; (viii) establish,

                                      3





<PAGE>


amend, suspend, or waive such rules and regulations and appoint such agents as
it shall deem appropriate for the proper administration of the Plan;
(ix) establish and administer Performance Goals and certify whether, and to what
extent, they have been attained; and (x) make any other determination and take
any other action that the Committee deems necessary or desirable for the
administration of the Plan.

    (b) Unless otherwise expressly provided in the Plan, all designations,
determinations, interpretations, and other decisions under or with respect to
the Plan or any Award shall be within the sole discretion of the Committee, may
be made at any time and shall be final, conclusive, and binding upon all
Persons, including the Company, any Affiliate, any Participant, any holder or
beneficiary of any Award, and any stockholder.

    (c) The mere fact that a Committee member shall fail to qualify as a
'Non-Employee Director' or 'outside director' within the meaning of Rule 16b-3
and Section 162(m) of the Code, respectively, shall not invalidate any award
made by the Committee which award is otherwise validly made under the Plan.

    (d) No member of the Committee shall be liable to any Person for any action
or determination made in good faith with respect to the Plan or any Award
hereunder.

    (e) With respect to any Performance Compensation Award granted to a Covered
Employee (within the meaning of Section 162(m) of the Code) under the Plan, the
Plan shall be interpreted and construed in accordance with Section 162(m) of the
Code.

    (f) Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Committee may delegate to one or more
officers of the Company the authority to grant awards to Participants who are
not officers or directors of the Company subject to Section 16 of the Exchange
Act or Covered Employees (within the meaning of Section 162(m) of the Code).

    SECTION 4. Shares Available for Awards.

    (a) Shares Available. Subject to adjustment as provided in Section 4(b), the
aggregate number of Shares with respect to which Awards may be granted from time
to time under the Plan shall in the aggregate not exceed, at any time, 15% of
the sum of (i) the issued and outstanding Shares, (ii) any Shares which are
issuable as a result of any conversion, exchange or exercise of any preferred
stock, warrant or other security of the Company which is outstanding on the date
of determination; and (iii) the Shares which have been issued or are issuable to
employees, consultants and directors of the Company pursuant to the Plan, the
Company's 1999 Long-Term Stock Incentive Plan, the Company's Amended and
Restated 1994 Stock Option Plan and the Company's Amended and Restated 1994
Directors' Nonqualified Stock Option Plan; provided, however, that the aggregate
number of Shares with respect to which Incentive Stock Options may be granted
under the Plan shall be 40,000,000. The maximum number of Shares with respect to
which Options and Stock Appreciation Rights may be granted to any Participant in
any fiscal year shall be 40,000,000 and the maximum number of Shares which may
be paid to a Participant in the Plan in connection with the settlement of any
Award(s) designated as 'Performance Compensation Awards' in respect of a single
Performance Period shall be 40,000,000 or, in the event such Performance
Compensation Award is paid in cash, the equivalent cash value thereof. If, after
the effective date of the Plan, any Shares covered by an Award granted under the
Plan, or to which such an Award relates, are forfeited, or if an Award has
expired, terminated or been canceled for any reason whatsoever (other than by
reason of exercise or vesting), then the Shares covered by such Award shall
again be, or shall become, Shares with respect to which Awards may be granted
hereunder.

    (b) Adjustments. Notwithstanding any provisions of the Plan to the contrary,
in the event that the Committee determines in its sole discretion that any
dividend or other distribution (whether in the form of cash, Shares, other
securities, or other property), recapitalization, stock split, reverse stock
split, reorganization, merger, consolidation, split-up, spin-off, combination,
repurchase, or exchange of Shares or other securities of the Company, issuance
of warrants or other rights to purchase Shares or other securities of the
Company, or other corporate transaction or event affects the Shares such
that an adjustment is appropriate in order to prevent dilution or


                                      4





<PAGE>


enlargement of the benefits or potential benefits intended to be made available
under the Plan, then the Committee shall, equitably adjust any or all of
(i) the number of Shares or other securities of the Company (or number and kind
of other securities or property) with respect to which Awards may be granted,
(ii) the number of Shares or other securities of the Company (or number and kind
of other securities or property) subject to outstanding Awards, and (iii) the
grant or exercise price with respect to any Award or, if deemed appropriate,
make provision for a cash payment to the holder of an outstanding Award in
consideration for the cancellation of such Award, which, in the case of Options
and Stock Appreciation Rights shall equal the excess, if any, of the Fair Market
Value of the Shares subject to such Options or Stock Appreciation Rights over
the aggregate exercise price or grant price of such Options or Stock
Appreciation Rights.

    (c) Substitute Awards. Awards may, in the discretion of the Committee, be
made under the Plan in assumption of, or in substitution for, outstanding awards
previously granted by the Company or its Affiliates or a company acquired by the
Company or with which the Company combines ('Substitute Awards'). The number of
Shares underlying any Substitute Awards shall be counted against the aggregate
number of Shares available for Awards under the Plan.

    (d) Sources of Shares Deliverable Under Awards. Any Shares delivered
pursuant to an Award may consist, in whole or in part, of authorized and
unissued Shares or of treasury Shares.

    SECTION 5. Eligibility. Any employee of, or consultant to, the Company or
any of its Affiliates (including any prospective employee) shall be eligible to
be selected as a Participant.

    SECTION 6. Stock Options.

    (a) Grant. Subject to the terms of the Plan, the Committee shall have sole
and complete authority to determine the Participants to whom Options shall be
granted, the number of Shares to be covered by each Option, the exercise price
therefor and the conditions and limitations applicable to the exercise of the
Option. The Committee shall have the authority to grant Incentive Stock Options,
or to grant Non-Qualified Stock Options, or to grant both types of Options. In
the case of Incentive Stock Options, the terms and conditions of such grants
shall be subject to and comply with such rules as may be prescribed by Section
422 of the Code, as from time to time amended, and any regulations implementing
such statute. All Options when granted under the Plan are intended to be
Non-Qualified Stock Options, unless the applicable Award Agreement expressly
states that the Option is intended to be an Incentive Stock Option. If an Option
is intended to be an Incentive Stock Option, and if for any reason such Option
(or any portion thereof) shall not qualify as an Incentive Stock Option, then,
to the extent of such nonqualification, such Option (or portion thereof) shall
be regarded as a Non-Qualified Stock Option appropriately granted under the
Plan; provided that such Option (or portion thereof) otherwise complies with the
Plan's requirements relating to Non-Qualified Stock Options.

    (b) Exercise Price. The Committee shall establish the exercise price at the
time each Option is granted, which exercise price shall be set forth in the
applicable Award Agreement.

    (c) Exercise. Each Option shall be exercisable at such times and subject to
such terms and conditions as the Committee may, in its sole discretion, specify
in the applicable Award Agreement. The Committee may impose such conditions with
respect to the exercise of Options, including without limitation, any relating
to the application of federal or state securities laws, as it may deem necessary
or advisable. Options with an exercise price equal to or greater than the Fair
Market Value per Share as of the date of grant are intended to qualify as
'performance-based compensation' under Section 162(m) of the Code. In the sole
discretion of the Committee, Options may be granted with an exercise price that
is less than the Fair Market Value per Share and such Options may, but need not,
be intended to qualify as performance-based compensation in accordance with
Section 11 hereof.

    (d) Payment. (i) No Shares shall be delivered pursuant to any exercise of an
Option until payment in full of the aggregate exercise price therefor is
received by the Company. Such payment may be made in cash, or its equivalent, or
(x) by exchanging Shares owned by the optionee (which are not the subject of any
pledge or other security interest and which have been owned by such optionee for
at least six months) or (y) subject to such rules as may be established by the


                                      5





<PAGE>


Committee, through delivery of irrevocable instructions to a broker to sell the
Shares otherwise deliverable upon the exercise of the Option and to deliver
promptly to the Company an amount equal to the aggregate exercise price or by a
combination of the foregoing, provided that the combined value of all cash and
cash equivalents and the Fair Market Value of any such Shares so tendered to the
Company as of the date of such tender is at least equal to such aggregate
exercise price.

    (ii) Wherever in this Plan or any Award Agreement a Participant is permitted
to pay the exercise price of an Option or taxes relating to the exercise of an
Option by delivering Shares, the Participant may, subject to procedures
satisfactory to the Committee, satisfy such delivery requirement by presenting
proof of beneficial ownership of such Shares, in which case the Company shall
treat the Option as exercised without further payment and shall withhold such
number of Shares from the Shares acquired by the exercise of the Option.

    SECTION 7. Stock Appreciation Rights.

    (a) Grant. Subject to the provisions of the Plan, the Committee shall have
sole and complete authority to determine the Participants to whom Stock
Appreciation Rights shall be granted, the number of Shares to be covered by each
Stock Appreciation Right Award, the grant price thereof and the conditions and
limitations applicable to the exercise thereof. Stock Appreciation Rights with a
grant price equal to or greater than the Fair Market Value per Share as of the
date of grant are intended to qualify as 'performance-based compensation' under
Section 162(m) of the Code. In the sole discretion of the Committee, Stock
Appreciation Rights may be granted with an exercise price that is less than the
Fair Market Value per Share and such Stock Appreciation Rights may, but need
not, be intended to qualify as performance-based compensation in accordance with
Section 11 hereof. Stock Appreciation Rights may be granted in tandem with
another Award, in addition to another Award, or freestanding and unrelated to
another Award. Stock Appreciation Rights granted in tandem with or in addition
to an Award may be granted either before, at the same time as the Award or at a
later time.

    (b) Exercise and Payment. A Stock Appreciation Right shall entitle the
Participant to receive an amount equal to the excess of the Fair Market Value of
a Share on the date of exercise of the Stock Appreciation Right over the grant
price thereof. The Committee shall determine in its sole discretion whether a
Stock Appreciation Right shall be settled in cash, Shares or a combination of
cash and Shares.

    (c) Other Terms and Conditions. Subject to the terms of the Plan and any
applicable Award Agreement, the Committee shall determine, at the grant of a
Stock Appreciation Right, the term, methods of exercise, methods and form of
settlement, and any other terms and conditions of any Stock Appreciation Right.
The Committee may impose such conditions or restrictions on the exercise of any
Stock Appreciation Right as it shall deem appropriate.

    SECTION 8. Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units.

    (a) Grant. Subject to the provisions of the Plan, the Committee shall have
sole and complete authority to determine the Participants to whom Shares of
Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units shall be granted, the number of
Shares of Restricted Stock and/or the number of Restricted Stock Units to be
granted to each Participant, the duration of the period during which, and the
conditions, if any, under which, the Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units
may be forfeited to the Company, and the other terms and conditions of such
Awards.

    (b) Transfer Restrictions. Shares of Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock
Units may not be sold, assigned, transferred, pledged or otherwise encumbered,
except, in the case of Restricted Stock, as provided in the Plan or the
applicable Award Agreements. Certificates issued in respect of Shares of
Restricted Stock shall be registered in the name of the Participant and
deposited by such Participant, together with a stock power endorsed in blank,
with the Company. Upon the lapse of the restrictions applicable to such Shares
of Restricted Stock, the Company shall deliver such certificates to the
Participant or the Participant's legal representative.

    (c) Payment. Each Restricted Stock Unit shall have a value equal to the Fair
Market Value of a Share. Restricted Stock Units shall be paid in cash, Shares,
other securities or other property, as

                                      6





<PAGE>


determined in the sole discretion of the Committee, upon the lapse of the
restrictions applicable thereto, or otherwise in accordance with the applicable
Award Agreement. Dividends paid on any Shares of Restricted Stock may be paid
directly to the Participant, withheld by the Company subject to vesting of the
Restricted Shares pursuant to the terms of the applicable Award Agreement, or
may be reinvested in additional Shares of Restricted Stock or in additional
Restricted Stock Units, as determined by the Committee in its sole discretion.

    SECTION 9. Performance Awards.

    (a) Grant. The Committee shall have sole and complete authority to determine
the Participants who shall receive a 'Performance Award', which shall consist of
a right which is (i) denominated in cash or Shares, (ii) valued, as determined
by the Committee, in accordance with the achievement of such performance goals
during such performance periods as the Committee shall establish, and
(iii) payable at such time and in such form as the Committee shall determine.

    (b) Terms and Conditions. Subject to the terms of the Plan and any
applicable Award Agreement, the Committee shall determine the Performance Goals
to be achieved during any Performance Period, the length of any Performance
Period, the amount of any Performance Award and the amount and kind of any
payment or transfer to be made pursuant to any Performance Award.

    (c) Payment of Performance Awards. Performance Awards may be paid in a lump
sum or in installments following the close of the Performance Period or, in
accordance with procedures established by the Committee, on a deferred basis.

    SECTION 10. Other Stock-Based Awards.

    (a) General. The Committee shall have authority to grant to Participants an
'Other Stock-Based Award', which shall consist of any right which is (i) not an
Award described in Sections 6 through 9 above and (ii) an Award of Shares or an
Award denominated or payable in, valued in whole or in part by reference to, or
otherwise based on or related to, Shares (including, without limitation,
securities convertible into Shares), as deemed by the Committee to be consistent
with the purposes of the Plan; provided that any such rights must comply, to the
extent deemed desirable by the Committee, with Rule 16b-3 and applicable law.
Subject to the terms of the Plan and any applicable Award Agreement, the
Committee shall determine the terms and conditions of any such Other Stock-Based
Award, including the price, if any, at which securities may be purchased
pursuant to any Other Stock-Based Award granted under this Plan.

    (b) Dividend Equivalents. In the sole and complete discretion of the
Committee, an Award, whether made as an Other Stock-Based Award under this
Section 10 or as an Award granted pursuant to Sections 6 through 9 hereof, may
provide the Participant with dividends or dividend equivalents, payable in cash,
Shares, other securities or other property on a current or deferred basis.

    SECTION 11. Performance Compensation Awards.

    (a) General. The Committee shall have the authority, at the time of grant of
any Award described in Sections 6 through 10 (other than Options and Stock
Appreciation Rights granted with an exercise price or grant price, as the case
may be, equal to or greater than the Fair Market Value per Share on the date of
grant), to designate such Award as a Performance Compensation Award in order to
qualify such Award as 'performance-based compensation' under Section 162(m) of
the Code.

    (b) Eligibility. The Committee will, in its sole discretion, designate
within the first 90 days of a Performance Period (or, if longer, within the
maximum period allowed under Section 162(m) of the Code) which Participants will
be eligible to receive Performance Compensation Awards in respect of such
Performance Period. Designation of a Participant eligible to receive an Award
hereunder for a Performance Period shall not in any manner entitle the
Participant to receive payment in respect of any Performance Compensation Award
for such Performance Period. The determination as to whether or not such
Participant becomes entitled to payment in respect of any Performance

                                      7





<PAGE>


Compensation Award shall be decided solely in accordance with the provisions of
this Section 11. Moreover, designation of a Participant eligible to receive an
Award hereunder for a particular Performance Period shall not require
designation of such Participant eligible to receive an Award hereunder in any
subsequent Performance Period and designation of one person as a Participant
eligible to receive an Award hereunder shall not require designation of any
other person as a Participant eligible to receive an Award hereunder in such
period or in any other period.

    (c) Discretion of Committee with Respect to Performance Compensation Awards.
With regard to a particular Performance Period, the Committee shall have full
discretion to select the length of such Performance Period, the type(s) of
Performance Compensation Awards to be issued, the Performance Criteria that will
be used to establish the Performance Goal(s), the kind(s) and/or level(s) of the
Performance Goals(s) is/are to apply to the Company and the Performance Formula.
Within the first 90 days of a Performance Period (or, if longer, within the
maximum period allowed under Section 162(m) of the Code), the Committee shall,
with regard to the Performance Compensation Awards to be issued for such
Performance Period, exercise its discretion with respect to each of the matters
enumerated in the immediately preceding sentence of this Section 11(c) and
record the same in writing.

    (d) Payment of Performance Compensation Awards. (i) Condition to Receipt of
Payment. Unless otherwise provided in the applicable Award Agreement, a
Participant must be employed by the Company on the last day of a Performance
Period to be eligible for payment in respect of a Performance Compensation Award
for such Performance Period.

    (ii) Limitation. A Participant shall be eligible to receive payment in
respect of a Performance Compensation Award only to the extent that: (1) the
Performance Goals for such period are achieved; and (2) the Performance Formula
as applied against such Performance Goals determines that all or some portion of
such Participant's Performance Award has been earned for the Performance Period.

    (iii) Certification. Following the completion of a Performance Period, the
Committee shall meet to review and certify in writing whether, and to what
extent, the Performance Goals for the Performance Period have been achieved and,
if so, to calculate and certify in writing that amount of the Performance
Compensation Awards earned for the period based upon the Performance Formula.
The Committee shall then determine the actual size of each Participant's
Performance Compensation Award for the Performance Period and, in so doing, may
apply Negative Discretion, if and when it deems appropriate.

    (iv) Negative Discretion. In determining the actual size of an individual
Performance Award for a Performance Period, the Committee may reduce or
eliminate the amount of the Performance Compensation Award earned under the
Performance Formula in the Performance Period through the use of Negative
Discretion if, in its sole judgement, such reduction or elimination is
appropriate.

    (v) Timing of Award Payments. The Awards granted for a Performance Period
shall be paid to Participants as soon as administratively possible following
completion of the certifications required by this Section 11.

    (vi) Maximum Award Payable. Notwithstanding any provision contained in the
Plan to the contrary, the maximum Performance Compensation Award payable to any
one Participant under the Plan for a Performance Period is 40,000,000 Shares or,
in the event the Performance Compensation Award is paid in cash, the equivalent
cash value thereof on the last day of the Performance Period to which such Award
relates. Furthermore, any Performance Compensation Award that has been deferred
shall not (between the date as of which the Award is deferred and the payment
date) increase (i) with respect to Performance Compensation Award that is
payable in cash, by a measuring factor for each fiscal year greater than a
reasonable rate of interest set by the Committee or (ii) with respect to a
Performance Compensation Award that is payable in Shares, by an amount greater
than the appreciation of a Share from the date such Award is deferred to the
payment date.

                                      8





<PAGE>


    SECTION 12. Amendment and Termination.

    (a) Amendments to the Plan. The Board may amend, alter, suspend,
discontinue, or terminate the Plan or any portion thereof at any time; provided
that no such amendment, alteration, suspension, discontinuation or termination
shall be made without stockholder approval if such approval is necessary to
comply with any tax or regulatory requirement applicable to the Plan; and
provided, further, that any such amendment, alteration, suspension,
discontinuance or termination that would impair the rights of any Participant or
any holder or beneficiary of any Award previously granted shall not be effective
without the consent of the affected Participant, holder or beneficiary.

    (b) Amendments to Awards. The Committee may waive any conditions or rights
under, amend any terms of, or alter, suspend, discontinue, cancel or terminate,
any Award theretofore granted; provided that any such waiver, amendment,
alteration, suspension, discontinuance, cancellation or termination that would
impair the rights of any Participant or any holder or beneficiary of any Award
previously granted shall not be effective without the consent of the affected
Participant, holder or beneficiary.

    (c) Adjustment of Awards Upon the Occurrence of Certain Unusual or
Nonrecurring Events. The Committee is hereby authorized to make equitable
adjustments in the terms and conditions of, and the criteria included in, all
outstanding Awards in recognition of unusual or nonrecurring events (including,
without limitation, the events described in Section 4(b) hereof) affecting the
Company, any Affiliate, or the financial statements of the Company or any
Affiliate, or of changes in applicable laws, regulations, or accounting
principles, whenever the Committee determines that such adjustments are
appropriate in order to prevent dilution or enlargement of the benefits or
potential benefits intended to be made available under the Plan; provided that
no such adjustment shall be authorized to the extent that such authority or
adjustment would cause an Award designated by the Committee as a Performance
Compensation Award under Section 11 of the Plan to fail to qualify as
'performance-based compensation' under Section 162(m) of the Code.

    SECTION 13. Change of Control. In the event of a Change of Control, any
outstanding Awards then held by Participants which are unexercisable or
otherwise unvested shall automatically be deemed exercisable or otherwise
vested, as the case may be, effective as of immediately prior to such Change of
Control.

    SECTION 14. General Provisions.

    (a) Nontransferability.

        (i) Each Award, and each right under any Award, shall be exercisable
    only by the Participant during the Participant's lifetime, or, if
    permissible under applicable law, by the Participant's legal guardian or
    representative.

        (ii) No Award may be sold, assigned, alienated, pledged, attached or
    otherwise transferred or encumbered by a Participant otherwise than by will
    or by the laws of descent and distribution, and any such purported sale,
    assignment, alienation, pledge, attachment, transfer or encumbrance shall be
    void and unenforceable against the Company or any Affiliate; provided that
    the designation of a beneficiary shall not constitute a sale, assignment,
    alienation, pledge, attachment, transfer or encumbrance.

        (iii) Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Committee may in the applicable
    Award Agreement evidencing an Option granted under the Plan or at any time
    thereafter in an amendment to an Award Agreement provide that Options
    granted hereunder which are not intended to qualify as Incentive Options may
    be transferred by the Participant to whom such Option was granted (the
    'Grantee') without consideration, subject to such rules as the Committee may
    adopt to preserve the purposes of the Plan, to: (1) the Grantee's spouse,
    children or grandchildren (including adopted and stepchildren and
    grandchildren) (collectively, the 'Immediate Family'); (2) a trust solely
    for the benefit of the Grantee and his or her Immediate Family; or (3) a
    partnership, corporation or limited liability company whose only partners,
    members or shareholders are the Grantee and his or her Immediate Family;
    (each transferee described in clauses (1), (2) and (3) above is hereinafter
    referred to as a 'Permitted

                                      9





<PAGE>


    Transferee'); provided that the Grantee gives the Committee advance written
    notice describing the terms and conditions of the proposed transfer and the
    Committee notifies the Grantee in writing that such a transfer would comply
    with the requirements of the Plan and any applicable Award Agreement
    evidencing the Option.

    The terms of any Option transferred in accordance with the immediately
preceding sentence shall apply to the Permitted Transferee and any reference in
the Plan or in an Award Agreement to an optionee, Grantee or Participant shall
be deemed to refer to the Permitted Transferee, except that (a) Permitted
Transferees shall not be entitled to transfer any Options, other than by will or
the laws of descent and distribution; (b) Permitted Transferees shall not be
entitled to exercise any transferred Options unless there shall be in effect a
registration statement on an appropriate form covering the Shares to be acquired
pursuant to the exercise of such Option if the Committee determines that such a
registration statement is necessary or appropriate, (c) the Committee or the
Company shall not be required to provide any notice to a Permitted Transferee,
whether or not such notice is or would otherwise have been required to be given
to the Grantee under the Plan or otherwise and (d) the consequences of
termination of the Grantee's employment by, or services to, the Company under
the terms of the Plan and the applicable Award Agreement shall continue to be
applied with respect to the Grantee, following which the Options shall be
exercisable by the Permitted Transferee only to the extent, and for the periods,
specified in the Plan and the applicable Award Agreement.

    (b) No Rights to Awards. No Participant or other Person shall have any claim
to be granted any Award, and there is no obligation for uniformity of treatment
of Participants, or holders or beneficiaries of Awards. The terms and conditions
of Awards and the Committee's determinations and interpretations with respect
thereto need not be the same with respect to each Participant (whether or not
such Participants are similarly situated).

    (c) Share Certificates. All certificates for Shares or other securities of
the Company or any Affiliate delivered under the Plan pursuant to any Award or
the exercise thereof shall be subject to such stop transfer orders and other
restrictions as the Committee may deem advisable under the Plan or the rules,
regulations, and other requirements of the SEC, any stock exchange upon which
such Shares or other securities are then listed, and any applicable Federal or
state laws, and the Committee may cause a legend or legends to be put on any
such certificates to make appropriate reference to such restrictions.

    (d) Withholding. (i) A Participant may be required to pay to the Company or
any Affiliate and the Company or any Affiliate shall have the right and is
hereby authorized to withhold from any Award, from any payment due or transfer
made under any Award or under the Plan or from any compensation or other amount
owing to a Participant the amount (in cash, Shares, other securities, other
Awards or other property) of any applicable withholding taxes in respect of an
Award, its exercise, or any payment or transfer under an Award or under the Plan
and to take such other action as may be necessary in the opinion of the Company
to satisfy all obligations for the payment of such taxes. The Committee may
provide for additional cash payments to holders of Awards to defray or offset
any tax arising from the grant, vesting, exercise or payments of any Award.

    (ii) Without limiting the generality of clause (i) above, a Participant may
satisfy, in whole or in part, the foregoing withholding liability by delivery of
Shares owned by the Participant (which are not subject to any pledge or other
security interest and which have been owned by the Participant for at least six
months) with a Fair Market Value equal to such withholding liability or by
having the Company withhold from the number of Shares otherwise issuable
pursuant to the exercise of the option a number of Shares with a Fair Market
Value equal to such withholding liability.

    (iii) Notwithstanding any provision of this Plan to the contrary, in
connection with the transfer of an Option to a Permitted Transferee pursuant to
Section 14(a), the Grantee shall remain liable for any withholding taxes
required to be withheld upon the exercise of such Option by the Permitted
Transferee.

                                      10





<PAGE>



    (e) Award Agreements. Each Award hereunder shall be evidenced by an Award
Agreement which shall be delivered to the Participant and shall specify the
terms and conditions of the Award and any rules applicable thereto, including
but not limited to the effect on such Award of the death, disability or
termination of employment or service of a Participant and the effect, if any, of
such other events as may be determined by the Committee.

    (f) No Limit on Other Compensation Arrangements. Nothing contained in the
Plan shall prevent the Company or any Affiliate from adopting or continuing in
effect other compensation arrangements, which may, but need not, provide for the
grant of options, restricted stock, Shares and other types of Awards provided
for hereunder (subject to stockholder approval if such approval is required),
and such arrangements may be either generally applicable or applicable only in
specific cases.

    (g) No Right to Employment. The grant of an Award shall not be construed as
giving a Participant the right to be retained in the employ of, or in any
consulting relationship to, the Company or any Affiliate. Further, the Company
or an Affiliate may at any time dismiss a Participant from employment or
discontinue any consulting relationship, free from any liability or any claim
under the Plan, unless otherwise expressly provided in the Plan, any Award
Agreement or any applicable employment contract or agreement.

    (h) No Rights as Stockholder. Subject to the provisions of the applicable
Award, no Participant or holder or beneficiary of any Award shall have any
rights as a stockholder with respect to any Shares to be distributed under the
Plan until he or she has become the holder of such Shares. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, in connection with each grant of Restricted Stock hereunder, the
applicable Award shall specify if and to what extent the Participant shall not
be entitled to the rights of a stockholder in respect of such Restricted Stock.

    (i) Governing Law. The validity, construction, and effect of the Plan and
any rules and regulations relating to the Plan and any Award Agreement shall be
determined in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, applied without
giving effect to its conflict of laws principles.

    (j) Severability. If any provision of the Plan or any Award is or becomes or
is deemed to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable in any jurisdiction or as to
any Person or Award, or would disqualify the Plan or any Award under any law
deemed applicable by the Committee, such provision shall be construed or deemed
amended to conform the applicable laws, or if it cannot be construed or deemed
amended without, in the determination of the Committee, materially altering the
intent of the Plan or the Award, such provision shall be stricken as to such
jurisdiction, Person or Award and the remainder of the Plan and any such Award
shall remain in full force and effect.

    (k) Other Laws. The Committee may refuse to issue or transfer any Shares or
other consideration under an Award if, acting in its sole discretion, it
determines that the issuance or transfer of such Shares or such other
consideration might violate any applicable law or regulation or entitle the
Company to recover the same under Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act, and any
payment tendered to the Company by a Participant, other holder or beneficiary in
connection with the exercise of such Award shall be promptly refunded to the
relevant Participant, holder or beneficiary. Without limiting the generality of
the foregoing, no Award granted hereunder shall be construed as an offer to sell
securities of the Company, and no such offer shall be outstanding, unless and
until the Committee in its sole discretion has determined that any such offer,
if made, would be in compliance with all applicable requirements of the U.S.
federal securities laws.

    (l) No Trust or Fund Created. Neither the Plan nor any Award shall create or
be construed to create a trust or separate fund of any kind or a fiduciary
relationship between the Company or any Affiliate and a Participant or any other
Person. To the extent that any Person acquires a right to receive payments from
the Company or any Affiliate pursuant to an Award, such right shall be no
greater than the right of any unsecured general creditor of the Company or any
Affiliate.

    (m) No Fractional Shares. No fractional Shares shall be issued or delivered
pursuant to the Plan or any Award, and the Committee shall determine whether
cash, other securities, or other property shall be paid or transferred in lieu
of any fractional Shares or whether such fractional Shares or any rights thereto
shall be canceled, terminated, or otherwise eliminated.

                                      11





<PAGE>


    (n) Headings. Headings are given to the Sections and subsections of the Plan
solely as a convenience to facilitate reference. Such headings shall not be
deemed in any way material or relevant to the construction or interpretation of
the Plan or any provision thereof.

    SECTION 15. Term of the Plan.

    (a) Effective Date. The Plan shall be effective as of the date of its
approval by the stockholders of the Company.

    (b) Expiration Date. No Award shall be granted under the Plan after December
31, 2012. Unless otherwise expressly provided in the Plan or in an applicable
Award Agreement, any Award granted hereunder may, and the authority of the Board
or the Committee to amend, alter, adjust, suspend, discontinue, or terminate any
such Award or to waive any conditions or rights under any such Award shall,
continue after December 31, 2012.

                                      12




</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
