<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.52
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>w84885exv10w52.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT WITH P. DANIEL ELDRIDGE
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.52

                              EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

         THIS AGREEMENT is made and entered into as of June 1, 2002 by and
between MOBILE HOMEOWNERS INSURANCE AGENCIES, INC. a Florida corporation
("Employer"), and P. DANIEL ELDRIDGE ("Employee") for the purposes herein
stated.

                             Background of Agreement

         Employee desires to continue in the employ of the Employer, and desires
certain protections and benefits; and

         Employee and the Employer deem it to be in their respective best
interests to enter into an agreement providing for compensation and benefits for
Employee pursuant to the terms stated in this Agreement; and

         The Employer desires to place reasonable restraints upon Employee's
ability to compete with the Employer during a specified period immediately
following Employee's termination from employment;

         Accordingly, in consideration of the mutual promises and agreements
contained herein, the parties hereto agree to the following:

         1.       EMPLOYMENT. The Employer agrees to continue Employee in its
employ, and Employee agrees to remain in the employ of the Employer, for the
Term of this Agreement, subject to Section 6 and below.

         2.       DEFINITIONS. The following terms when used herein shall have
the meanings given below:

                  (a)      "AFFILIATE" means any party controlled by, under the
control of, or under common control with, Employer or PCHC.

                  (b)      "AGREEMENT AND GENERAL RELEASE" means a general
release of claims against the Employer in a form acceptable to the Employer.

                  (c)      "BASE COMPENSATION" means the annual base salary of
Employee, exclusive of any bonus, insurance, or other fringe benefits and
perquisites.

                  (d)      "BOARD" means the Board of Directors of PCHC.

                  (e)      "CAUSE" means commission of any of the following
listed conduct by Employee: a felony or any crime involving moral turpitude
(whether or not related to Employee's employment) or gross negligence, drug or
alcohol use which interferes with Employee's job performance, insubordination,
willful misconduct, violation of any express directive or regulation established
by the Employer from time to time prior to a Hostile Change in Control or
Non-Hostile Sale regarding the conduct of its business, misrepresentations by


                                      94
<PAGE>

Employee related to this Agreement, any violation by Employee of the terms and
conditions of this Agreement not cured within ten days after written notice
thereof is given by the Employer to Employee, acceptance of employment with
another company (other than employment with a Successor or a purchaser of assets
from the Employer), and/or performing work for another company, as an employee,
consultant or in any other capacity, while still an employee of the Employer and
any other act, omission or circumstance which, under applicable law, would
result in a termination by the Employer of Employee's employment hereunder to be
deemed to be a termination for cause.

                  (f)      "COMPETITIVE BUSINESS" means any business or
commercial activity in the insurance industry that involves or pertains to a
business or commercial activity in which the Employer is engaged or with which
the Employer competes or, with respect to the period following Employee's
termination of employment, Employer was engaged or with which the Employer
competed at the time of or within one (1) year prior to Employee's termination,
including but not limited to property and casualty or personal lines insurance
business (hereafter collectively "Competitive Business") anywhere within the
United States of America (including the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth
of Puerto Rico and its possessions and territories), and Canada.

                  (g)      "EFFECTIVE DATE" means the date upon which this
Agreement becomes effective, as set forth in Section 4 below.

                  (h)      "GOOD REASON" means either of the following:

                           (i)      A change in Employee's position of authority
in a manner that materially reduces the responsibility of Employee's current
position, provided, however, the fact that there may be additional executives in
the reporting structure above Employee will not be deemed to materially reduce
the responsibility of Employee's position.

                           (ii)     A reduction in Employee's Base Compensation.

                  (i)      "HOSTILE CHANGE IN CONTROL" mean individuals who are
Continuing Directors cease to constitute a majority of the members of the Board
("Continuing Directors" for this purpose being the members of the Board on the
date of this Agreement, provided that any person becoming a member of the Board
subsequent to such date whose election or nomination for election was supported
by two-thirds of those directors who were Continuing Directors at that time of
the election or nomination shall be deemed to be Continuing Director).

                  (j)      "NON-HOSTILE SALE" means the closing of the sale of
50% or more of the shares of stock of Employer or 50% or more of its assets in a
transaction which does not constitute a Hostile Change in Control.

                  (k)      "PCHC" means Philadelphia Consolidated Holding Corp.,
a Pennsylvania corporation.

                  (l)      "SUCCESSORS" means any entity that acquires at least
fifty (50%) percent of the shares of outstanding stock, and/or fifty percent
(50%) of the assets, of the Employer or PCHC (whether direct or indirect, by
purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise).

                                                                             -2-

                                      95

<PAGE>

                  (m)      "TERM" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4
below.

         3.       POSITION AND RESPONSIBILITIES.

                  (a)      During the Term of this Agreement, (i) Employee
agrees to serve the Employer as President and Chief Executive Officer and (ii)
Employee shall report to the chief executive officer of PCHC. This in no way
inhibits him from being promoted to another position during the Term of this
Agreement, or assigned different duties, consistent with Employee's status and
responsibility, which changes are in the sole discretion of the Employer.

                  (b)      Throughout the Term of this Agreement, Employee shall
devote his entire working time, energy, attention, skill and best efforts to the
affairs of the Employer and its Affiliates and to the performance of his duties
hereunder in a manner which will faithfully and diligently further the business
and interests of the Employer.

         4.       TERM. This Agreement shall be effective on June 1, 2002 (the
"Effective Date") and shall expire in the absence of a Hostile Change in Control
on the fifth anniversary of such date, unless extended by agreement of Employee
and the Employer. In the event of a Hostile Change in Control, this Agreement
shall be automatically extended for a period of three years, commencing upon the
expiration date set forth in the immediately preceding sentence. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, Employee and the Employer agree that the provisions of Section 7
shall remain in effect and enforceable in accordance with its terms following
the expiration of this Agreement, except as otherwise provided in such Section
7. The applicable period referred to above is referred to herein as the "Term"
of this Agreement.

         5.       COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS. During the Term of this Agreement,
Employee shall be eligible for the following, in return for all services
rendered by Employee to the Employer during the period of employment, subject to
the provisions of Section 6, as applicable:

                                                                             -3-


                                      96
<PAGE>

                  (a)      BASE COMPENSATION. Upon the effective date of this
Agreement, Employee shall receive Base Compensation at the annual rate of One
Hundred Ninety Five Thousand Dollars ($195,000), subject to periodic reviews and
possible increases in the sole discretion of the Employer. Employee's Base
Compensation shall be payable in accordance with the Employer's regular payroll
practices in effect from time to time.

                  (b)      BENEFITS. Employee shall be entitled to all group
health, disability, life insurance and pension benefits as are made available to
employees of the Company generally as such benefit programs may be amended from
time to time. Benefits due under any Bonus Plan or Stock Option Plan will be
paid based upon the Agreements signed specific to those plans.

                  (c)      BUSINESS EXPENSES. Employee shall be reimbursed
reasonable and necessary expenses related to Employee's employment by the
Employer in accordance with, and subject to, the Employer's regular policies
from time to time in effect regarding reimbursement of expenses and the
documentation required.

         6.       TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT. The following provisions shall
govern in the event that Employee's employment is terminated by the Employer or
by Employee during the term of this Agreement, except as provided in Section 8,
if applicable:

                  (a)      Discharge Without Cause or Resignation for Good
Reason. Employee shall receive from the Employer, provided (unless waived by the
Employer) Employee executes (without subsequent revocation) a General Release
(except that Employee shall not be obligated to do so following a Hostile Change
in Control), in the event that Employee either: (A) is discharged without Cause
and for reasons unrelated to his disability or death; or (B) resigns from the
Employer for Good Reason within twelve (12) weeks of the occurrence of the event
upon which Employee relies for claiming that his resignation is for Good Reason:

                           His Base Compensation for the lesser of (A) 36 months
or (B) the remainder of the Terms of this Agreement, but in no event less than 6
months, paid in accordance with the Employer's regular payroll practices then in
effect.

                  (b)      Discharge With Cause, Resignation Without Good
Reason, Discharge in Connection With Disability or Death.

                           (i)      Employee shall not be eligible for any
                                    payments or benefits for the period
                                    subsequent to his separation in any of the
                                    following circumstances: (A) he is
                                    discharged with Cause; (B) he resigns
                                    without Good Reason, or more than twelve
                                    (12) weeks following the occurrence of the
                                    event upon which Employee relies for
                                    claiming that his resignation was for Good
                                    Reason; (C) he is discharged due to his
                                    inability or failure to perform
                                    satisfactorily the essential functions of
                                    his position for six (6) months due to
                                    disability; or (D) his death.

                           (ii)     Employee shall receive all Base Compensation
                                    for work performed and benefits applicable
                                    to the period prior to his separation from
                                    the Employer (including any earned and not
                                    paid bonus for the

                                                                             -4-


                                      97
<PAGE>

                                    prior year and any Base Compensation and/or
                                    benefits for which he is entitled in
                                    accordance with the Employer's compensation
                                    and disability policies, if applicable, then
                                    in effect). In the event of his disability
                                    or death, Employee shall be eligible, in
                                    addition, for any disability or life
                                    insurance payments to which he or his estate
                                    or beneficiaries may be entitled pursuant to
                                    the applicable insurance documents relating
                                    to any group disability or life insurance
                                    plans in which he participated prior to his
                                    separation.

                  (c)      Notice of Termination. Any termination by the
Employer or by Employee shall be communicated by written Notice of Termination
to the other party given in accordance with Section 16 below. Such Notice of
Termination shall indicate the specific termination provision(s) in this
Agreement relied upon and specify the effective date of the termination if other
than the date such Notice of Termination is given (which effective date shall be
not more than thirty (30) calendar days thereafter).

         7.       RESTRICTIVE COVENANTS AND CONFIDENTIALITY.

                  (a)      During Employee's employment with the Employer and
for two (2) years following Employee's separation from the Employer for any
reason (whether initiated by the Employer or Employee), Employee shall not
directly or indirectly either: (A) with respect to a Competitive Business
(defined above), solicit, divert or appropriate, or attempt to solicit, divert
or appropriate, any customer, distributor or supplier, or any potential
customer, or supplier of the Employer; or (B) solicit or entice, or attempt to
solicit or entice, any of the Employer's employees, consultants, directors or
officers to terminate her/his employment with the Employer, or join with any
individual who is or was within the prior six (6) months an employee,
consultant, director or officer of the Employer, in any direct or indirect
capacity, or to hire, or commit to hire, as an employee or consultant any
individual who is or was within the prior six (6) months an employee,
consultant, officer or director of the Employer.

                  (b)      During Employee's employment with the Employer and at
all times thereafter, Employee shall not use for his personal benefit, or
disclose, communicate or divulge to, or use for the direct or indirect benefit
of, any person, firm, association or company other than the Employer, any
confidential information of the Employer which Employee acquires in the course
of his employment, which is not otherwise lawfully known by and readily
available to the general public. This confidential information includes, but is
not limited to: business, development, marketing, legal and accounting methods,
policies, plans, procedures, strategies and techniques; research and development
projects and results; trade secrets or other knowledge or processes of or
developed by the Employer; names and addresses of employees, suppliers and
customers; and any data on or relating to past, present or prospective
customers, including customer lists. Employee agrees that such information is
confidential and constitutes the exclusive property of the Employer, and
Employee agrees that, immediately upon Employee's termination, whether by
Employee, or by the Employer, Employee will deliver to the Employer, all
correspondence, documents, books, records, lists and other writings relating to
the Employer's business, retaining no copies.

                                                                             -5-


                                      98
<PAGE>

                  (c)      The term "Employer", as used in this Section 7 and in
Section 11, shall include as well all Affiliates of Employer and PCHC.

                  (d)      Employee acknowledges and agrees that the provisions
of this Section 7 are reasonable with respect to their duration, scope and
geographical area. In particular, Employee acknowledges that the geographic
scope of the Employer's business makes reasonable the geographic restrictions of
this Agreement. Employee agrees that his general executive skills and abilities
are applicable outside of the Competitive Business and that he will therefore
not be unduly restricted by this Agreement. If, at the time of enforcement of
any of the provisions of this Section 7, a court holds that the restrictions
therein exceed those allowed by applicable law, then such court will be
requested by the Employer, Employee and all other relevant parties to enforce
the provisions in this Section 7 to the broadest extent possible under
applicable law and this Section 7 shall be deemed to have been so modified.

                  (e)      In the event of a breach or threatened breach of the
provisions of this Section 7, the Employer shall be entitled to an injunction
restraining such breach, but nothing herein shall be construed as prohibiting
the Employer from pursuing any other remedy available to them for such breach or
threatened breach, including, without limitation, an action at law for damages.

                  (f)      Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in
this Section 7 or any other provisions of the Agreement, Employee shall not be
bound by any of the provisions of Section 7(a) following a Hostile Change in
Control.

         8.       HOSTILE CHANGE IN CONTROL OR NON-HOSTILE SALE. In the event of
a Hostile Change in Control or Non-Hostile Sale:

         Section 6 shall apply, except as set forth in Section 8(b) below.

                  Enhanced Severance Package in the Event of Hostile Change in
Control or Non-Hostile Sale. In the event that Employee, at any time after a
Hostile Change in Control or Non-Hostile Sale, is discharged without Cause and
for reasons unrelated to his disability or death, or resigns for Good Reason
within twelve (12) weeks of the occurrence of the event upon which Employee
relies for claiming that his resignation is for Good Reason:

                  (a)      The period specified in Section 6(a)(i) above during
which Employee shall receive his Base Compensation shall be increased to 48
months from 36 months.

                  (b)      The maximum period during which Employee and his
eligible, previously enrolled dependents shall be eligible for Employer-paid
group medical and dental insurance shall be increased to 36 months from twelve
(12) months.

         9.       INELIGIBILITY FOR PARTICIPATION IN OTHER EMPLOYER SEVERANCE
PLANS. In the event that Employee becomes entitled to the severance benefits set
forth in Section 6 above, Employee shall be ineligible for (and deemed to have
waived his right to receive) payments under any other severance plan, program or
arrangement maintained by the Employer.

                                                                             -6-


                                      99
<PAGE>

         10.      ARBITRATION. Except as set forth in Section 10(f), all
disputes arising under this Agreement or relating to Employee's employment or
termination of employment, including but not limited to statutory claims for
violation of Title VII of the Civil Rights Act, the Age Discrimination in
Employment Act, the Americans with Disabilities Act, the Family Medical Leave
Act and ERISA as well as state laws governing discrimination shall be
exclusively resolved in arbitration in accordance with the following:

                  (a)      The Rules for the Resolution of Employment Disputes
("Rules"), then in effect, of the American Arbitration Association ("AAA") shall
govern, except that Employee and the Employer may mutually agree to utilize
another process for selection of the Arbitrator.

                  (b)      The Arbitrator, in cooperation with Employee and the
Employer, shall set the date, time and place of the hearing in Philadelphia,
Pennsylvania or in such other place as Employer shall determine.

                  (c)      The Arbitrator shall have all of the power of a court
of competent jurisdiction for hearing the particular claim, including the power
to order discovery, as set forth in the AAA's rules, and to grant such remedies
as a court would have authority to grant.

                  (d)      The decision of the Arbitrator shall be in writing
and shall set forth the findings and conclusions upon which the decision is
based. It shall be final and binding, and may be enforced under the terms of the
Federal Arbitration Act (9 U.S.C. Section 1 et seq), but may be set aside or
modified by a reviewing court in the event of a material error of law.

                  (e)      The Employer and Employee shall share the cost of the
Arbitrator's fees but each shall bear his or its, as applicable, attorneys'
fees, expenses and costs and its respective filing fees charged by the AAA;
provided, however, that the Arbitrator shall have the power to award such fees,
expenses and costs to the prevailing party in accordance with the law and to
require the Employer at the beginning of the proceedings to fully or partially
reimburse to employee the filing fee in the event Employee can demonstrate that
the amount of the fee is an unreasonable impediment to adjudication of his
claims in arbitration.

                  (f)      This Section 10 shall not apply to any action by the
Employer to enforce Section 7 of this Agreement.

         11.      EMPLOYER PROPERTY. All Employer information, including without
limitation, data processing reports, analyses, invoices, and/or any other
materials or data of any kind furnished to Employee by the Employer or developed
by Employee on behalf of the Employer, or at the Employer's direction or for the
Employer's use, or otherwise in connection with Employee's employment hereunder,
are and shall remain the sole and confidential property of the Employer, except
to the extent such information has been publicly disclosed voluntarily by the
Employer. If the Employer requests the return of such materials, Employee shall
immediately deliver them, retaining no copies.

         12.      INCOME TAX WITHHOLDING. The Employer may withhold from any
payments made under this Agreement all Federal, State, City or other taxes and
withholdings as shall be required pursuant to any law or governmental regulation
or ruling.

                                                                             -7-


                                     100
<PAGE>

         13.      NO RESTRICTIONS ON EMPLOYEE'S EMPLOYMENT BY EMPLOYER. Employee
represents to Employer that: (i) there are no restrictions, agreements or
understandings whatsoever to which Employee is a party and no laws or
regulations of which he is aware which would or may prevent or make unlawful his
employment by the Employer; (ii) his execution of this Agreement and his
employment hereunder shall not constitute a breach of any contract, agreement or
understanding, oral or written, to which he is a party or by which he is bound;
and (iii) he is free and able to execute this Agreement and to enter into
employment with the Employer.

         14.      ENTIRE UNDERSTANDING. This Agreement contains the entire
understanding between the Employer and Employee, superceding all others with
respect to the subject matter hereof, and there are no other agreements,
understandings, representations or warranties among the parties.

         15.      SEVERABILITY. If any term or other provision of this Agreement
is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced by any rule of law of law or
public policy, all other conditions and provisions of this Agreement shall
nevertheless remain in full force and effect. Upon such determination that any
term or other provision is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced, the
parties hereto shall negotiate in good faith to modify this Agreement so as to
effect the original intent of the parties as closely as possible in an
acceptable manner to the end that the transactions contemplated hereby are
fulfilled to the extent possible.

         16.      NOTICES. All notices hereunder shall be sufficient upon
receipt for all purposes hereunder if in writing and delivered personally, sent
by documented overnight delivery service or, to the extent receipt is confirmed,
telecopy, telefax or other documented transmission service to the appropriate
address or number as set forth below:

                  (a)      If to the Employee:

                           Mr. P. Daniel Eldridge
                           10106 Chiltern Gardens Drive
                           Orlando, FL 32827

or at such other address as Employee may designate by written notice to the
Employer as specified below.

                  (b)      If to the Employer:

                           c/o Philadelphia Consolidated Holding Corp.
                           One Bala Plaza
                           Bala Cynwyd, PA  19004
                           Attention: James J. Maguire, Jr.

or at such other address and to the attention of such other person as the
Employer may designate by written notice to Employee as specified above.

                                                                             -8-


                                     101
<PAGE>

         17.      SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS. This Agreement shall be binding upon
and inure to the benefit of Employee, Employee's heirs and legal
representatives, and to the Employer, and its Successors and assigns. PCHC and
its Affiliates are third party beneficiaries of this Agreement.

         18.      NO ASSIGNMENT BY EMPLOYEE. This Agreement is personal to
Employee, and Employee may not assign or delegate any of Employee's rights or
obligations hereunder without first obtaining the express written consent of the
Employer.

         19.      COUNTERPARTS AND PREREQUISITES TO BINDING EFFECT OF AGREEMENT.
This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, all of which shall
be considered one and the same agreement, and shall be effective when one or
more counterparts have been signed by each of the parties and delivered to the
other party.

         20.      AMENDMENTS AND WAIVERS. This Agreement may not be modified or
amended except by an instrument or instruments in writing signed by the party
against whom enforcement of any modification or amendment is sought. A party
hereto may, only by an instrument in writing, waive compliance by the other
party hereto with any term or provision of the Agreement on the part of such
other party hereto to be performed or complied with. The waiver by any party
hereto of a breach of any term or provision of the Agreement shall not be
construed as a waiver of any subsequent breach.

         21.      GOVERNING LAW. This Agreement shall be governed by and
construed in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania
without reference to the choice of law principles thereof.

         22.      JURISDICTION AND VENUE. The courts of Montgomery County,
Pennsylvania and the United States District Court for the Eastern District of
Pennsylvania shall have exclusive jurisdiction and venue with respect to any
action to enforce this Agreement which is not subject to arbitration; provided,
however, that this shall not prevent Employer from bringing such action in any
other court.

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound,
have duly executed and delivered, in Pennsylvania, this Agreement.

                                                                             -9-


                                     102
<PAGE>

                                               MOBILE HOMEOWNERS INSURANCE
                                               AGENCIES, INC.

                                               By: /s/ James J. Maguire, Jr.
                                                   ----------------------------
                                                   Title: President and Chief
                                                          Operating Officer

                                               Date of Execution: June 1, 2002
                                                                  -------------

                                               I UNDERSTAND AND AGREE
                                               TO BE BOUND

                                               /s/ P. Daniel Eldridge
                                               --------------------------------
                                               P. Daniel Eldridge

                                               Date of Execution: June 1, 2002
                                                                  -------------

                                                                            -10-


                                     103

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
