<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.147
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>dex10147.txt
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDMENT DATED FEBRUARY 21, 2003
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                                                  Exhibit 10.147

[LOGO] BANK ONE.                                   Amendment to Credit Agreement

This agreement is made and entered into on February 21, 2003, to be effective as
of February 21, 2003 by and between EAGER BEAVER CAR WASH, INC. (if more than
one, jointly and severally, the "Borrower") and Bank One, NA, with its main
office in Chicago, IL (the "Bank"), and its successors and assigns.

WHEREAS, the Borrower and the Bank entered into a Loan Agreement dated November
28, 2000, as amended (if applicable) (the "Credit Agreement"); and

WHEREAS, the Borrower has requested and the Bank has agreed to amend the Credit
Agreement as set forth below;

NOW, THEREFORE, in mutual consideration of the agreements contained herein and
for other good and valuable consideration, the parties agree as follows:

1.  DEFINED TERMS. Capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the meaning
    ascribed in the Credit Agreement.

2.  MODIFICATION OF CREDIT AGREEMENT. The Credit Agreement is hereby amended as
    follows:

    2.1  From and after February 21, 2003, the third paragraph of the provision
         captioned in the Loan Agreement 3. 13 Debt Service Coverage Ratio is
         hereby amended and restated to read as follows:

         Guarantor. Borrower covenants and agrees with Bank that while this Loan
         Agreement is in effect, Borrower will cause Mace Security
         International, Inc. ("Guarantor") to comply with the following:
         Maintain, as of the end of each fiscal quarter, a ratio of (a) net
         income, plus amortization, depreciation, interest expense, plus income
         taxes, for the preceding full twelve month period, to (b) current
         maturities of long term debt, plus current maturities of long term
         leases, plus interest expense for the same such twelve month period, to
         be less than the following ratios for the following periods: for the
         period ending December 31, 2002, 1.20 to 1.00, for the periods ending
         March 31, 2003, June 30, 2003 and September 30, 2003, 1.10 to 1.00 and
         for the period ending December 31, 2003 and thereafter, 1.20 to 1.00.
         All computations made to determine compliance with the requirements
         contained in this paragraph shall be made in accordance with generally
         accepted accounting principles, applied on a consistent basis.

3.  RATIFICATION. The Borrower ratifies and reaffirms the Credit Agreement and
    the Credit Agreement shall remain in full force and effect as modified
    herein.

4.  BORROWER REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. The Borrower represents and
    warrants that (a) the representations and warranties contained in the Credit
    Agreement are true and correct in all material respects as of the date of
    this agreement, (b) no condition, act or event which could constitute an
    event of default under the Credit Agreement or any promissory note or credit
    facility executed in reference to the Credit Agreement exists, and (c) no
    condition, event, act or omission has occurred, which, with the giving of
    notice or passage of time, would constitute an event of default under the
    Credit Agreement or any promissory note or credit facility executed in
    reference to the Credit Agreement.

5.  FEES AND EXPENSES. The Borrower agrees to pay all fees and out-of-pocket
    disbursements incurred by the Bank in connection with this agreement,
    including legal fees incurred by the Bank in the preparation, consummation,
    administration and enforcement of this agreement.

6.  EXECUTION AND DELIVERY. This agreement shall become effective only after it
    is fully executed by the Borrower and the Bank.

7.  ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS OF BORROWER. The Borrower acknowledges that as of the date
    of this agreement it has no offsets with respect to all amounts owed by the
    Borrower to the Bank arising under or related to the Credit Agreement on or
    prior to the date of this agreement. The Borrower fully, finally and forever
    releases and discharges the Bank and its successors, assigns, directors,
    officers, employees, agents and representatives from any and all claims,
    causes of action, debts and liabilities, of whatever kind or nature, in law
    or in equity, of the Borrower, whether now known or unknown to the Borrower,
    which may have arisen in connection with the Credit Agreement or the actions
    or omissions of the Bank related to the Credit Agreement on or prior to the
    date hereof. The Borrower acknowledges and agrees that this agreement is
    limited to the terms outlined above, and shall not be construed as an
    agreement to change any other terms or provisions of the Credit

<PAGE>

    Agreement. This agreement shall not establish a course of dealing or be
    construed as evidence of any willingness on the Bank's part to grant other
    or future agreements, should any be requested.

8.  NOT A NOVATION. This agreement is a modification only and not a novation.
    Except for the above-quoted modification(s), the Credit Agreement, any loan
    agreements, credit agreements, reimbursement agreements, security
    agreements, mortgages, deeds of trust, pledge agreements, assignments,
    guaranties, instruments or documents executed in connection with the Credit
    Agreement, and all the terms and conditions thereof, shall be and remain in
    full force and effect with the changes herein deemed to be incorporated
    therein. This agreement is to be considered attached to the Credit Agreement
    and made a part thereof. This agreement shall not release or affect the
    liability of any guarantor of any promissory note or credit facility
    executed in reference to the Credit Agreement or release any owner of
    collateral granted as security for the Credit Agreement. The validity,
    priority and enforceability of the Credit Agreement shall not be impaired
    hereby. To the extent that any provision of this agreement conflicts with
    any term or condition set forth in the Credit Agreement, or any document
    executed in conjunction therewith, the provisions of this agreement shall
    supersede and control. The Bank expressly reserves all rights against all
    parties to the Credit Agreement.


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
 Bank:                                                             Borrower:
<S>                                                                <C>
 Bank One, NA, with its main office in Chicago, IL                 EAGER BEAVER CAR WASH, INC.

 By:  /s/ Mark W. Warren                                           By:  /s/ Robert M. Kramer
      --------------------------------------------------------          ----------------------------------------------------------
      Mark W. Warren                     First Vice President           Robert M. Kramer                                Secretary
      --------------------------------------------------------          ----------------------------------------------------------
      Printed Name                                      Title           Printed Name                                        Title
</TABLE>

                                        2

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
