<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>c75541exv2w1.txt
<DESCRIPTION>ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
<PAGE>


                                                                     EXHIBIT 2.1

                            ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT

         This ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT is dated as of March 14, 2003, by and
between Active IQ Technologies, Inc., a Minnesota corporation (the "SELLER"),
and Stellent, Inc., a Minnesota corporation (the "BUYER").

                                    RECITALS

         A. Seller is engaged in the business of distributing enterprise content
management software solutions to customers on a hosted basis (the "HOSTED
BUSINESS");

         B. Through Red Wing Business Systems, Inc. and Champion Business
Systems, Inc., wholly owned subsidiaries of Seller, Seller is also engaged in
the business of developing, integrating and supporting the accounting and
financial software needs of small to medium sized business (the "RED WING
BUSINESS").

         C. Seller has entered into an asset purchase agreement dated February
17, 2003 pursuant to which it has agreed to sell all of the assets related to
the Red Wing Business to Red Wing Software, Inc. (the "RED WING PURCHASER" and
such agreement, the "RED WING AGREEMENT").

         D. Seller desires to sell and Buyer desires to purchase certain of the
assets of Seller used in the Hosted Business on the terms and subject to the
conditions and exceptions of this Agreement.

                              TERMS AND CONDITIONS

         In consideration of the foregoing recitals and of the mutual covenants
and conditions contained herein, the parties hereby agree as follows:

         1. PURCHASE AND SALE OF ASSETS.

                  1.1 Generally. On the terms and subject to the conditions of
         this Agreement, Seller agrees to sell, transfer, assign, convey and
         deliver to Buyer, and Buyer agrees to purchase from Seller, on and as
         of the Closing Date (as defined in SECTION 4), all right, title and
         interest in and to all of the Purchased Assets (as hereinafter
         defined), wherever located and whether or not reflected in its books
         and records, but expressly excluding the Excluded Assets (as defined in
         SECTION 1.2). Subject to such express exclusion, the "PURCHASED ASSETS"
         means all assets used in connection with the Hosted Business, including
         without limitation, all of the following property, assets and rights:

                           (a) All machinery, equipment, office equipment,
                  telephone equipment, accessories, packing materials, product
                  literature, supplies and other miscellaneous tangible personal
                  property used in the Hosted Business, as listed on SCHEDULE
                  1.1(a), together with the off the shelf software listed on
                  SCHEDULE 1.1(a)(i) (collectively, the "EQUIPMENT");


<PAGE>




                           (b) All rights of Seller under any warranty or
                  guarantee by any manufacturer, supplier or other transferor of
                  any of the Purchased Assets;

                           (c) All rights of Seller under purchase orders
                  related to the Hosted Business issued by it in the ordinary
                  course of operating the Hosted Business ("PURCHASE ORDERS");

                           (d) All rights of Seller under the contracts of
                  Seller identified on SCHEDULE 1.1(d) to provide service or
                  maintenance relating to Purchased Assets (the "SERVICE
                  CONTRACTS"), to resell third party software (the "RESELLER
                  AGREEMENTS") and for other agreements related to the Hosted
                  Business and identified on SCHEDULE 1.1(d) (collectively, the
                  "CONTRACTS");

                           (e) All of Seller's rights, title and interests in
                  and to the Copyrights, Patents, Trademarks, Trade Secrets
                  (each as hereinafter defined), and any other intellectual
                  property relating to or used in the Hosted Business
                  (collectively, the "INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY").

                  The Intellectual Property includes, without limitation, all
         Intellectual Property listed on SCHEDULE 1.1(e) and all of Seller's
         right, title and interest in and to (i) all versions (whether or not
         released) of the object code, source code and scripts for the software
         listed on SCHEDULE 1.1(e)(i) and any related software or firmware,
         prebuilt solutions, or scripts conceived, created, reduced to practice,
         developed or under development by or on behalf of Seller, together with
         all documentation related thereto (collectively, the "PROPRIETARY
         SOFTWARE PRODUCTS"), together with all third-party computer software
         and firmware incorporated therein or necessary for the development,
         operation, maintenance or support thereof and all documentation related
         thereto (collectively, and together with the Proprietary Software
         Products, the "SOFTWARE"); (ii) all names and slogans, variations or
         components of and logos associated with such names and slogans,
         together with the goodwill associated therewith, and the URLs and
         domain names related to the Hosted Business; (iii) the product
         literature related to the Hosted Business; (iv) all other intellectual
         property and intellectual property rights as are necessary or useful
         for the ownership of the Software and the conduct of the Hosted
         Business as currently conducted; and (v) all licenses and sublicenses
         granted and obtained with regard thereto, and rights thereunder,
         remedies against infringements thereof, and rights to protection of
         interests therein under the laws of all jurisdictions.

                  As used in this Agreement, the following terms have the
         following meanings:

                           "COPYRIGHTS" means all computer code or programs,
                  whether in the source code or object code version (together
                  with and including any algorithm, flowchart, schematic,
                  diagram, header file, library, object, specification,
                  annotation, or other documentation related thereto, and
                  together with and including any prebuilt solutions and
                  scripts), artwork, illustrations, graphics, icons, audio
                  works, video clips, audio-visual works, photographs,
                  descriptive or other text, data, databases, research, reports,
                  analyses, forecasts, and business plans, all other works of
                  authorship and any other works recognized as copyrightable
                  subject matter under the laws of any country or political
                  subdivision thereof or any bilateral or international
                  convention or treaty, together with all worldwide



<PAGE>



                  copyrights therein (and all applications, rights to make
                  applications, registrations, recordations, renewals,
                  extensions, reversions or restorations thereof and therefor).

                           "PATENTS" means all inventions, improvements,
                  innovations, ideas, concepts, designs, processes, methods and
                  techniques and know-how (whether patentable, patented, reduced
                  to practice or not), and all other subject matter recognized
                  as patentable under the laws of any country, or any political
                  subdivision thereof, or under any bilateral or international
                  treaty or convention, together with all patent rights granted
                  therein (or applications therefor) and all reissues,
                  reexaminations and extensions thereof, and all divisionals,
                  substitutions, renewals, continuations and
                  continuations-in-part, thereof.

                           "TRADEMARKS" means all trademarks, trade names,
                  service marks, slogans, logos, trade dress, internet domain
                  names, other electronic communications identifications and
                  other sources of business identification recognized in any
                  country, or any political subdivision thereof or under any
                  bilateral or international treaty or convention (whether
                  registered or unregistered), together with all related
                  contract rights and all registrations, recordings and renewals
                  thereof (and all applications in connection therewith) and
                  together with the goodwill associated therewith; and

                           "TRADE SECRETS" means all confidential information or
                  other items recognized as "trade secrets" under the laws of
                  any country, or any political subdivision thereof, or under
                  any international convention or treaty.

                           (f) All prepaid expenses, advance payments, deposits
                  and claims for refund, credit, causes of action, choses in
                  action, rights of recovery, rights of set off, and rights of
                  recoupment relating to the Hosted Business;

                           (g) All claims and rights of Seller under insurance
                  policies in respect of any Purchased Assets and the Assumed
                  Liabilities (as defined in SECTION 3), and all causes of
                  action, judgments, claims and demands relating to any
                  Purchased Assets and the Assumed Liabilities;

                           (h) All sales records, ledgers, files,
                  correspondence, documents, drawings, specifications, charts,
                  plans, purchase records, customer lists, sales lead databases,
                  supplier lists, advertising and promotional materials,
                  production records, business plans, covenants not to compete,
                  studies, reports, marketing materials, data and other records
                  of Seller relating to the Hosted Business or developed by
                  Seller for exclusive use in the Hosted Business; all records
                  regarding the Occupational Safety and Health Act and other
                  governmental examinations and clearances related to the Hosted
                  Business; provided, however, that Seller may make and retain
                  copies of any records transferred to Buyer;

                           (i) All amounts earned for services performed after
                  the last day of the month of the Closing Date under ongoing
                  contracts assigned to Buyer with customers of the Hosted
                  Business; and



<PAGE>



                           (j) All other goodwill and other general intangibles
                  relating to the Hosted Business.

                  Except as hereinafter specifically provided, the Purchased
         Assets will be transferred by Seller to Buyer in accordance with this
         Agreement free and clear of all liens, security interests or
         encumbrances, other than (i) liens for taxes not yet due and payable
         and (ii) other liens, charges or encumbrances incidental to the conduct
         of the Hosted Business in the ordinary course or the ownership of the
         Purchased Assets that were not incurred in connection with the
         borrowing of money or the obtaining of advances or credit and that do
         not in the aggregate materially detract from the value of the Purchased
         Assets or materially impair or interfere with the use thereof in the
         operation of the Hosted Business (collectively, the "PERMITTED
         ENCUMBRANCES"). For the avoidance of doubt, no lien, charge or
         encumbrance of (i) B&L Financial, Inc., (ii) Security State Bank or
         (iii) Timothy G. Jameson or Geri L. Jameson constitutes a "Permitted
         Encumbrance."

                  1.2 Excluded Assets. Except for the property, assets and
         rights specifically described in SECTION 1.1 of this Agreement as
         included in the Purchased Assets, all of Seller's other property,
         assets and rights are excluded from sale to Buyer (the "EXCLUDED
         ASSETS"), including, but not limited to:

                           (a) Cash and cash equivalents;

                           (b) All securities owned by Seller;

                           (c) All rights of Seller under any claims, deposits,
                  prepayments, refunds, causes of action, choses in action,
                  rights of recovery, rights of set off and rights of recoupment
                  (including any such items relating to the payment of taxes)
                  not directly relating to the Purchased Assets, including
                  without limitation, any federal or state income tax refund;

                           (d) All accounts, notes or other receivables due to
                  Seller;

                           (e) All amounts earned for services performed,
                  whether billed or unbilled, through the month of the Closing
                  Date under ongoing contracts with customers of the Hosted
                  Business;

                           (f) The corporate charter, qualifications to conduct
                  business as a foreign corporation, arrangements with
                  registered agents relating to foreign qualifications, taxpayer
                  and other identification numbers, general ledgers, tax
                  returns, seals, minute books, stock transfer books and similar
                  documents of Seller relating to the organization, maintenance
                  and existence of Seller as a corporation (provided that Buyer
                  shall have access thereto to the extent reasonably necessary
                  for the operation of the Hosted Business and the preparation
                  of tax returns and financial statements of Buyer following the
                  Closing Date);

                           (g) Any of the rights of Seller under this Agreement
                  or any other agreement between Seller and Buyer entered into
                  on or after the date of this Agreement in accordance with the
                  terms hereof; and



<PAGE>



                           (h) All of Seller's rights under the Red Wing
                  Agreement and all of the assets relating to or used in
                  connection with the Red Wing Business or which are subject to
                  the Red Wing Agreement.

         2. PURCHASE CONSIDERATION.

                  2.1 Generally. The aggregate consideration to be paid for the
         Purchased Assets shall be an amount equal to the sum of $650,000 (the
         "PURCHASE PRICE").

                  2.2 Payment of Purchase Price. At the Closing, against
         delivery to the Buyer of appropriate instruments of transfer,
         conveyance and assignment with respect to the Purchased Assets, the
         Buyer shall pay the Purchase Price by delivering a check made payable
         to Seller.

                  2.3 Allocation of Purchase Price. Buyer and Seller shall agree
         on the manner in which the Purchase Price (and other capitalizable
         costs of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement) shall be
         allocated to the Purchased Assets (the "PURCHASE PRICE ALLOCATION").
         Neither Seller nor Buyer will take a position inconsistent with the
         Purchase Price Allocation for all federal, state, local and foreign tax
         purposes for any tax years or periods, including the determination of
         taxable gain or loss on the sale of the Purchased Assets.

         3. ASSUMPTION OF LIABILITIES. Except as hereinafter specifically
provided, Buyer shall not assume any liabilities or obligations of Seller and
Seller shall be solely liable for all liabilities and obligations arising from
or in connection with ownership of the Purchased Assets or operation of the
Hosted Business prior to the Closing Date, whether or not reflected in its books
and records. Subject to the conditions of this Agreement, on the Closing Date,
Buyer shall assume only the following liabilities and obligations of Seller
(collectively, the "ASSUMED LIABILITIES"):

                  (i)      Obligations of Seller arising under the Service
                           Contracts;

                  (ii)     Obligations of Seller under the Purchase Orders;

                  (iii)    Obligations of Seller arising from and after the
                           Closing Date under the Contracts; and

                  (iv)     Warranty obligations of Seller related to or arising
                           from the Hosted Business.

         4. CLOSING. The closing of the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement (the "CLOSING") shall take place at the offices of Maslon Edelman
Borman & Brand, LLP, 3300 Wells Fargo Center, 90 South Seventh Street,
Minneapolis, Minnesota 55402, at 2:00 p.m. on March 14, 2003 or such time as
Buyer and Seller may mutually agree (the "CLOSING DATE"). At the Closing (a)
Buyer shall (i) deliver to Seller the Purchase Price, together with the amounts
contemplated by SECTION 10.2 hereof, in immediately available funds (ii) deliver
to Seller the various certificates, instruments and documents referred to in
SECTION 9, (iii) deliver to Seller the Assignment and Assumption Agreement in
the form of Exhibit A hereto (the "ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION AGREEMENT") and
such other assumptions as Seller may reasonably request to evidence the

<PAGE>



assumption by Buyer of the Assumed Liabilities, and (iv) deliver to Seller the
Termination Agreement in substantially the form attached as Exhibit B hereto,
and (b) Seller shall (i) deliver to Buyer the Assignment and Assumption
Agreement and such bills of sale, assignments and other documents of transfer
reasonably required to transfer to Buyer the interest of Seller in the Purchased
Assets, (ii) deliver to Buyer the various certificates, instruments and
documents referred to in SECTION 8, and (iii) deliver to Buyer the Termination
Agreement.

         5. LABOR AND EMPLOYMENT MATTERS. Immediately following the Closing,
Buyer shall offer employment, contingent on the Closing and effective as of the
Closing Date, to each person who is employed by the Seller in the conduct of the
Hosted Business and who is listed on SCHEDULE 5 (the "HIRED EMPLOYEES") on terms
and conditions established by the Buyer, provided that each such person shall be
hired and employed for a minimum of sixty (60) days following the Closing Date
at a salary at least equal to the individual's salary in effect as of February
1, 2003, as listed on SCHEDULE 5, unless otherwise agreed by such individual. In
the event Buyer terminates the employment of any of the Hired Employees within
one (1) year from the Closing Date, Buyer agrees to pay to such employees a
severance equal to one (1) month's salary. On the Closing Date, or as soon as
practicable thereafter, but in no event later than the earlier of the date
required by applicable law or the date that would otherwise have been the next
regularly scheduled payday for each such person, Seller shall pay each such
person all accrued wages, salary, commission, bonus, accrued vacation and other
required employee compensation payments for all periods through the Closing
Date.

         6. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF SELLER. Seller hereby represents
and warrants to Buyer that, except as provided herein:

                  6.1 Corporate Organization-Seller. Seller is a corporation
         duly organized and validly existing, is in good standing under the laws
         of the State of Minnesota, and has the power and authority to execute
         and deliver this Agreement, to consummate the transactions contemplated
         hereby and to own its properties and carry on its business as now being
         conducted. True and correct copies of the Articles of Incorporation, as
         amended to date, and Bylaws of Seller have been made available to
         Buyer.

                  6.2 Qualification to do Business. Seller is duly qualified to
         do business and is in good standing under the laws of the State of
         Minnesota. The conduct of the Hosted Business as currently conducted by
         Seller does not require Seller to be qualified to do business in any
         jurisdictions other than the State of Minnesota.

                  6.3 Corporate Power. Seller has the power to execute and
         deliver this Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated
         hereby.

                  6.4 Corporate Authority. All actions on the part of the Seller
         necessary for the authorization, execution and delivery of this
         Agreement, the Assignment and Assumption Agreement, and the other
         agreements, documents and instruments contemplated hereby
         (collectively, the "TRANSACTION AGREEMENTS"), and the consummation of
         the transactions contemplated thereby, have been taken prior to the
         date hereof. The Transaction Agreements are, or when delivered will be,
         legal, valid and binding obligations of Seller, enforceable in
         accordance

<PAGE>



         with their respective terms except that the enforcement thereof may be
         limited by (i) bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or
         similar laws now or hereafter in effect relating to or affecting
         creditors' rights generally or (ii) general principles of equity and
         the discretion of the court before which any proceeding therefor may be
         brought (regardless of whether such enforcement is considered in a
         proceeding at law or in equity) (collectively, the "ENFORCEMENT
         EXCEPTIONS").

                  6.5 Conflicting Agreements, Governmental Consents. The
execution and delivery by Seller of the Transaction Agreements, the consummation
of the transactions contemplated thereby, and the performance or observance by
the Seller of any of the terms or conditions thereof will not (a) conflict with,
or result in a breach or violation of the terms or conditions of, or constitute
a default under, or result in the creation of any lien on any of the Purchased
Assets pursuant to, the Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws of Seller, any award
of any arbitrator, or any indenture, contract or agreement (including any
agreement with security holders), instrument, order, judgment, decree, statute,
law, rule or regulation to which Seller or the Purchased Assets is subject,
including any agreement with B&L Financial, Inc. or Timothy G. Jameson or Geri
L. Jameson or (b) require any filing or registration with, or any consent or
approval of, any federal, state or local governmental agency or authority.

                  6.6 Actions, Suits, Proceedings. There are no requests,
notices, investigations, claims, demands, actions, suits or other legal or
administrative proceedings pending or, to the knowledge of Seller, threatened
against Seller or any of their property in any court or before any federal,
state, municipal or other governmental agency that, (a) if decided adversely to
Seller, would have a material adverse effect upon the Hosted Business or
Purchased Assets, (b) seek to restrain or prohibit the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement or obtain any damages in connection therewith, or (c) in any
way call into question the validity of the Transaction Agreements; nor is Seller
in default with respect to any order of any court or governmental agency entered
against it in respect of the Hosted Business or Purchased Assets.

                  6.7 No Material Violations. Seller is not in material
violation of any applicable law, rule or regulation relating to the Hosted
Business or any of the Purchased Assets. Seller has not received any
communications containing any requests, notices, investigations, claims,
demands, actions, administrative proceedings, hearings or other governmental
claims or proceedings against Seller alleging or investigating the existence of
any such violation.

                  6.8 Customers and Suppliers. SCHEDULE 6.8 lists all customers
and material suppliers of Seller relating to the Hosted Business, referencing
the Contracts with each such customer or supplier or, if such agreement is oral,
in each case setting forth the material terms of the purchase or supply
agreements with such customer or supplier including the effective date, term,
price and quantity terms of such agreements.

                  6.9 Employee Plans. Set forth on SCHEDULE 6.9 is a list of all
pension, profit sharing, retirement, stock purchase, stock option, bonus,
incentive compensation and deferred compensation plans, all life, health,
dental, accident or disability plans, workers' compensation and other insurance
plans, all severance or separation plans, and any other employee benefit plans,
practices, policies or arrangements of any kind, whether written or oral, that
are maintained by Seller for the benefit of (or under which Seller has any
obligations, whether absolute or contingent,

<PAGE>



to) any of Seller's employees (including former employees) engaged in the
operation of the Hosted Business, including but not limited to any "employee
benefit plan" that is subject to the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of
1974 ("ERISA") (individually a "PLAN" and collectively the "PLANS"). Seller has
made available to Buyer true and correct copies of each of the Plans and of any
related trust agreements, insurance contracts or other related agreements.
Seller has also made available to Buyer, with respect to each of the Plans, the
most recent summary plan description, if any. Each of the Plans complies in all
material respects with ERISA, the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the
"CODE"), and all other statutes, rules and regulations, agreements and
instruments by which it is governed, and no event has occurred that could result
in the imposition of an excise tax, penalty or other liability on Seller, a Plan
or any fiduciary with respect to a Plan. All applicable ERISA requirements as to
the filing of reports, documents and notices regarding the Plans with the
Department of Labor, the Internal Revenue Service and the Pension Benefit
Guaranty Corporation, and the furnishing of such documents to participants and
beneficiaries on or prior to the date hereof, have been complied with in all
material respects. There are no actions, suits, investigations, or proceedings
pending or, to the knowledge of Seller, threatened against the Plans or any
fiduciaries thereof respecting their duties to the Plans or the assets or any
trust under any of the Plans. At no time during the 72-month period preceding
the Closing Date have the Seller or any entity aggregated with the Seller under
Section 414(b), (c), (m) or (o) of the Code or Section 4001 of ERISA maintained
or contributed to any plan that is a multiemployer plan as defined in Section
4001(a)(3) of ERISA, or any plan that is a defined benefit pension plan subject
to Title IV of ERISA.

                  Buyer will not have any liability (whether actual, potential
or contingent) on or after the Closing Date with respect to any Plan. Buyer also
will not have any such liability on or after the Closing Date with respect to
any plan, program or arrangement (i) that is not a Plan, (ii) that is or was
maintained or contributed to by Seller or by any entity that is or was at any
time in the past aggregated with Seller under Code Section 414, and (iii) that
would be a Plan if it covered any employee engaged in the operation of the
Hosted Business.

                  6.10 Labor Matters. There are no existing labor disputes or
disturbances involving the Hosted Business that have a material adverse effect
on the Hosted Business or the future prospects of the Hosted Business or the
Purchased Assets. Except with respect to Jack A. Johnson, there are no existing
employment agreements or collective bargaining agreements between Seller and any
of the Hired Employees or any collective bargaining unit representing any such
employees, and no such agreements are currently in the process of being
negotiated. No petition has been filed or is pending with the National Labor
Relations Board by any labor organization or any group of employees for an
election or certification regarding the representation of any of the Hired
Employees by a labor organization. There is no present solicitation or campaign
by any labor organization or employee for the representation of Seller's
employees and the Hired Employees by a labor organization.

                  6.11 Title to Personal Property. Seller has good title to or a
valid leasehold in all personal property included in the Purchased Assets, free
and clear of all mortgages, liens, pledges, charges and encumbrances, other than
Permitted Encumbrances. For the avoidance of doubt, neither (i) B&L Financial,
Inc., (ii) Security State Bank or (iii) Timothy G. Jameson or Geri L. Jameson
have any lien or other claim on any of the Purchased Assets.


<PAGE>




                  6.12 Condition of Purchased Assets. All of the tangible
Purchased Assets necessary for the conduct of the Hosted Business are free from
defects, have been maintained in accordance with normal industry practice, and
are in good operating condition and repair (subject to normal wear and tear).

                  6.13 Contracts. SCHEDULE 1.1(d) sets forth correctly all
contracts, indentures, guarantees, leases, commitments or other agreements
related to the Hosted Business to which Seller is a party or by which either is
bound except Purchase Orders. Seller and, to the knowledge of Seller, each other
party thereto have substantially performed all obligations required to be
performed by it to date, and are not in default in any material respect, under
any of the instruments or agreements described above. Except for those
instruments and agreements that by their terms may be terminated by third
parties with a notice period of two months or less, as to which no
representation with regard to assignment is made, and except for those
instruments and agreements set forth on SCHEDULE 6.13 (the "UNASSIGNABLE
AGREEMENTS"), the instruments and agreements described above that are to be
assigned to Buyer hereunder are each in full force and effect and are assignable
to Buyer without the consent of third parties, and Seller has not waived or
assigned to any other person any of its rights thereunder. Seller has delivered
to Buyer true and correct copies of all such contracts, indentures, guaranties,
leases, commitments and other agreements.

                  6.14 Intellectual Property Rights.

                           (a) SCHEDULE 6.14(a) sets forth a complete and
                  accurate list of (i) all filed patent applications and patents
                  issued with respect to the Intellectual Property, and all
                  reissues, reexaminations and extensions thereof, and all
                  divisionals, substitutions, renewals, continuations and
                  continuations-in-part thereof; (ii) all filed trademark,
                  service mark, and trade name applications and all registered
                  trademarks and service marks, all reserved trade names, and
                  all registered Internet domain names included in the
                  Intellectual Property, and all extensions and renewals
                  thereof; and (iii) all registered copyright applications and
                  registered copyrights in the Intellectual Property, together
                  with all renewals, extensions, reversions or restorations
                  thereof and therefor (collectively, the "REGISTERED
                  INTELLECTUAL Property"). All of Seller's rights, such as they
                  are, in such Registered Intellectual Property are in full
                  force and effect and will not expire or require renewal until
                  the respective dates (if any) set forth on SCHEDULE 6.14(a).
                  All statements and representations made by Seller in any
                  pending Intellectual Property applications, filings or
                  registrations relating to the Hosted Business or Seller were
                  true in all material respects as of the time they were made
                  and remain true as of the date of this Agreement. Seller has
                  delivered to Buyer true and complete copies of all copyright
                  registrations, trademark registrations, patents, and any
                  applications therefor, or filings related thereto, made by or
                  on behalf of Seller relating in any way to the Intellectual
                  Property or the Hosted Business.

                           (b) The documentation and the source code with its
                  embedded commentary, descriptions and indicated authorships,
                  the specifications and the other informational materials that
                  describe the operation, functions and technical
                  characteristics applicable to the Proprietary Software
                  Products include sufficient documentation in the form of
                  manufacturing and engineering plans, blueprints, designs,
                  process instructions, formulae, quality assurance protocols
                  and procedures and the like and are complete in all material
                  respects, have

<PAGE>



                  been faithfully and accurately compiled in accordance with
                  standards generally practiced by companies whose principal
                  business is creation or development of software and are
                  sufficient to permit persons who are reasonably skilled and
                  proficient in the design, manufacture and sale of software
                  products as now being produced to continue the same in the
                  ordinary course of business and to support and maintain the
                  products and services and enforce their rights to control or
                  prevent use of such Proprietary Software Products by others.
                  The Proprietary Software Products under development by Seller
                  are being developed in accordance with standards generally
                  practiced by companies whose principal business is creation or
                  development of software.

                           (c) SCHEDULE 1.1(e) is an accurate and complete list
                  of Intellectual Property included in the Purchased Assets and
                  represents all intellectual property and intellectual property
                  rights as are necessary or useful for the ownership of the
                  Software and the conduct of the Hosted Business as currently
                  conducted.

                           (d) SCHEDULE 6.14(d) is a complete and accurate list
                  of each item of Intellectual Property included in the
                  Purchased Assets that any third party owns and that Seller has
                  the right to use pursuant to a license, sublicense, or other
                  agreement, including off-the-shelf software, together with a
                  list of such agreements. Except for the Unassignable Reseller
                  Agreements set forth on SCHEDULE 6.13, each agreement
                  specified on SCHEDULE 6.14(d) is legal, valid, binding,
                  enforceable, and in full force and effect, and Seller is not
                  in breach, and no circumstances or grounds exist that would
                  give rise to a claim of breach or right of rescission,
                  termination, revision or amendment of any of such agreements,
                  including, without limitation, the signing of this Agreement
                  or the Closing. Seller has sole, exclusive, valid and
                  unencumbered title to rights granted in the agreements listed
                  on SCHEDULE 6.14(d) and has not granted any liens, mortgages,
                  encumbrances, licenses or other rights thereon or therein
                  except as disclosed on SCHEDULE 6.14(d). Except as disclosed
                  on SCHEDULE 6.14(d), Seller is not obligated to pay royalties,
                  fees, or other payments to any owner of, applicant for,
                  licensor of, or other claimant to any of the Intellectual
                  Property included in the Purchased Assets.

                           (e) Except for the Intellectual Property listed on
                  SCHEDULE 6.14(d), Seller owns sole, exclusive, valid, clear
                  and unencumbered title to all Intellectual Property included
                  in the Purchased Assets, and has not granted any liens,
                  mortgages, encumbrances, licenses or other rights thereon or
                  therein.

                           (f) Except as disclosed on SCHEDULE 6.14(d), Seller
                  has not sold, assigned, conveyed or otherwise transferred, by
                  oral or written agreement, expressly or impliedly, any rights,
                  title or interest in or to the Intellectual Property. Seller
                  has delivered to Buyer a true and complete copy of each
                  agreement disclosed on SCHEDULE 6.14(d), including, without
                  limitation, all amendments, waivers or other changes thereto.

                           (g) Except for the Unassignable Reseller Agreements,
                  Seller has full right, power and authority to sell, transfer,
                  assign, convey and deliver to Buyer all of the Intellectual
                  Property included in the Purchased Assets. Except for the
                  Unassignable Reseller Agreements, if the consent of any third
                  party is required before Seller may rightfully transfer or
                  assign its rights in any Intellectual Property owned by a
                  third party, Seller has obtained such written consent and has
                  delivered a true and complete copy of the document evidencing
                  such

<PAGE>



                  consent to Buyer. Except as set forth on SCHEDULE 6.14(g), the
                  Intellectual Property does not infringe any Patents,
                  Copyrights, Trademarks or Trade Secrets or other proprietary
                  rights of any third party. No consents, rights or licenses are
                  required from any third party to exercise any rights with
                  respect to the Intellectual Property, except as disclosed on
                  SCHEDULE 6.14(d). Seller is not infringing upon, and has not
                  in the past infringed upon, any known right or claimed right
                  of any person or entity under or with respect to any
                  Intellectual Property included in the Purchased Assets (nor
                  has Seller received written notice with respect to any of the
                  foregoing). In connection with the operation of the Hosted
                  Business, Seller is not unlawfully using and has not
                  unlawfully used any confidential information, trade secrets or
                  proprietary information of others.

                           (h) Seller has not received any communications
                  alleging any interference, opposition, cancellation,
                  reexamination or other contest, proceeding, action, suit,
                  hearing, investigation, charge, complaint, demand, notice,
                  claim, dispute nor any claim of infringement, misappropriation
                  or other violation by Seller of any intellectual property or
                  other proprietary rights of any other individual or entity
                  relating to the Purchased Assets or the Hosted Business
                  pending or, to the knowledge of Seller, threatened against
                  Seller. Seller is not currently evaluating any intellectual
                  property of another person or entity (and have not conducted
                  any such evaluations in the past five years) to determine
                  whether a license thereof is necessary or desirable with
                  respect to the Hosted Business or whether such intellectual
                  property may otherwise have a material adverse effect on the
                  Hosted Business or Purchased Assets. No governmental agency or
                  authority has disputed Seller's right to obtain or continue
                  registration of any Intellectual Property of Seller included
                  in the Purchased Assets where Seller has applied for such
                  registration, except where such dispute has been resolved in
                  favor of issuing or continuing such registration. Except as
                  set forth on SCHEDULE 6.14(h), Seller has no reason to believe
                  that (i) any of the Intellectual Property included in the
                  Purchased Assets and owned or used by Seller in the Hosted
                  Business is invalid or unenforceable (whether due to the
                  existence of prior art, inequitable conduct such as patent
                  fraud or misuse, prior use or creation, abandonment or
                  otherwise), or (ii) any pending applications of Seller for
                  patents or for registration of other Intellectual Property
                  included in the Purchased Assets will be denied or will be
                  materially restricted or conditioned, or any prior art or
                  other information or circumstance exists which would cause
                  such denial, restriction or condition. All payments to
                  governmental agencies required to maintain the effectiveness
                  of any patents or any Registered Intellectual Property
                  included in the Purchased Assets have been timely paid.

                           (i) Seller has no agreement to indemnify any
                  individual or entity against any charge of infringement of any
                  Intellectual Property included in the Purchased Assets, other
                  than indemnification provisions normal and usual for Seller's
                  industry contained in Purchase Orders or Contracts arising in
                  the ordinary course of business.

                           (j) Employees and consultants of Seller have
                  performed all computer programming with respect to the
                  Intellectual Property included in the Purchased Assets and
                  employees and consultants of Seller have authored all user
                  documentation. Each individual and entity, including each
                  employee, agent, consultant, and contractor, who has
                  contributed to or participated in any way in the conception,
                  creation, reduction to practice and/or development of the
                  Intellectual Property included in the Purchased Assets was at
                  the time of such contribution or participation (i) a party to
                  and bound by a valid, enforceable, duly executed agreement
                  with Seller containing appropriate confidentiality provisions,
                  standard "work-made-for-hire"

<PAGE>



                  provisions, in accordance with applicable law, and a valid
                  written assignment in favor of Seller as assignee that has
                  conveyed to Seller all right, title and interest in and to all
                  worldwide intellectual rights in the Copyrights, Patents,
                  Trademarks, Trade Secrets and other intellectual property
                  created, conceived, reduced to practice and/or developed by
                  such individual or entity in connection with the Software or
                  the Hosted Business, including, without limitation, all
                  worldwide copyrights and patent rights therein and thereto; or
                  (ii) a genuine employee (and not a subcontractor) of an entity
                  described in subsection (i) of this sentence bound by a valid,
                  enforceable, duly executed agreement with such entity
                  containing appropriate confidentiality provisions, standard
                  "work-made-for-hire" provisions, in accordance with applicable
                  law, and a valid written assignment in favor of such entity
                  (for the benefit of Seller) or in favor of Seller directly, as
                  assignee, that has conveyed to Seller all rights, title and
                  interests in and to all worldwide intellectual rights in the
                  Copyrights, Patents, Trademarks, Trade Secrets and other
                  intellectual property created, conceived, reduced to practice
                  and/or developed by such individual in connection with the
                  Software or the Hosted Business, including, without
                  limitation, all worldwide copyrights and patent rights therein
                  and thereto. Except as set forth on SCHEDULE 6.14(j), no
                  subcontractors of any person or entity have contributed to or
                  participated in the conception, creation, reduction to
                  practice and/or development of the Intellectual Property
                  included in the Purchased Assets. SCHEDULE 6.14(j) sets forth
                  the names and addresses of all entities and persons who have
                  performed work for Seller related to the Intellectual Property
                  and/or the Hosted Business, a description of the work
                  performed by each such person, and the dates on, or time
                  period(s) during, which each such person performed such work.
                  Seller has delivered to Buyer a true and complete copy of each
                  agreement under which each such person performed work for
                  Seller related to the Intellectual Property and/or the Hosted
                  Business.

                           (k) Except as disclosed on SCHEDULE 6.14(k), no
                  Intellectual Property of Seller included in the Purchased
                  Assets has been escrowed or stored, or is required to be
                  escrowed or stored, on behalf of or for the benefit of any
                  person or entity. No person or entity other than Seller and
                  its employees and consultants who have a "need to know" in
                  connection with the performance of their duties to Seller has
                  access or rights to the source code of the Software.

                           (l) Seller has used and is using commercially
                  reasonable methods to protect Seller's intellectual property
                  rights. To the knowledge of Seller, in no instance has the
                  eligibility of the Intellectual Property for protection under
                  applicable copyright or trademark law been forfeited to the
                  public domain by omission of any required mark, notice or any
                  other actions. Seller has promulgated and used commercially
                  reasonable efforts to enforce a commercially reasonable trade
                  secrets protection program. Without limiting the foregoing,
                  Seller has taken all commercially reasonable precautions to
                  protect the source code and documentation relating to the
                  Proprietary Software Products from disclosure except to
                  employees and consultants of Seller who had "a need to know"
                  the contents thereof in connection with the performance of
                  their duties to Seller and who had been instructed (in the
                  case of third parties, pursuant to a duly executed
                  confidentiality agreement) to maintain the confidentiality of
                  the Proprietary Software Products.

                  6.15 Warranties. SCHEDULE 6.15 lists all agreements of Seller
         that contain written product warranties issued or made by Seller in
         connection with the license of any product or the

<PAGE>



         rendition of any service relating to the Purchased Assets. Seller has
         made no oral warranties to any of Seller's customers or potential
         customers of the Hosted Business. Seller has no knowledge of any
         existing or threatened material claim, or any facts upon which a
         material claim could be based, against Seller for software or other
         products that are defective, defectively designed or otherwise fails to
         satisfy the terms of any product warranty. No material warranty or
         other claims of a similar nature have been made against Seller related
         to the Purchased Assets.

                  6.16 Licenses and Permits. There are no permits granted to or
         by Seller in connection with the operation of the Hosted Business.
         SCHEDULE 6.16 describes all material licenses granted to Seller in
         connection with the operation of the Hosted Business by any federal,
         state, provincial or local government or an agency thereof. Seller has
         all material licenses and permits required by law or otherwise
         necessary for the proper operation of the Hosted Business. All licenses
         and permits granted to Seller are in full force and effect, and no
         action to terminate, withdraw, not renew or materially limit or
         otherwise change any such license or permit is pending or has been
         threatened by any governmental agency or other party. The consummation
         of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement will not violate the
         provisions of, or require Buyer to reapply for, any such license or
         permit. Seller has delivered to Buyer true and correct copies of all
         such licenses and permits.

                  6.17 Taxes. Seller has filed all federal, state and local tax
         returns required to be filed by it, and has paid all federal, state and
         local income, profits, franchise, sales, use, property, excise,
         payroll, and other taxes and assessments (including interest and
         penalties) to the extent that such have become due. No claims for
         additional taxes have been asserted against Seller and no audits are
         pending with respect to any tax liabilities of Seller.

                  6.18 Capital Projects. No construction or other capital
         projects are in progress, have been contracted for or, to the knowledge
         of Seller, are required by applicable law or regulation in connection
         with the operation of the Hosted Business.

                  6.19 Sufficiency of Purchased Assets. The Purchased Assets
         constitute, and on the Closing Date will constitute, all of the assets
         or property necessary for the operation of the Hosted Business as it is
         currently conducted.

                  6.20 Trade Allowance. Seller does not have in effect any trade
         allowance, billback, rebate, discount or similar program with its
         customers. No supplier of Seller has in effect, or has had in effect,
         and Seller has received no payments under, any trade allowance,
         billback, rebate, discount or similar program pursuant to which Seller
         has any actual or contingent right to receive payment.

                  6.21 Brokers and Finders. Seller has not has retained or
         engaged any broker, finder or other financial intermediary in
         connection with the transaction contemplated by this Agreement.

                  6.22 Full Disclosure. No representation or warranty by Seller
         contained in this Article 6 contains any untrue statement of material
         fact, or omits any material fact necessary to make the representations
         or warranties contained herein not misleading.


<PAGE>




         7. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF BUYER. Buyer hereby represents and
warrants to Seller as follows:

                  7.1 Corporate Organization. Buyer is a corporation duly
         organized and validly existing, is in good standing under the laws of
         the State of Minnesota and each has the corporate power and authority
         to execute and deliver this Agreement and to consummate the
         transactions contemplated hereby. True and correct copies of the
         Articles of Incorporation (as amended to date) and Bylaws of Buyer have
         been made available to Seller.

                  7.2 Conflicting Agreements, Governmental Consents. The
         execution and delivery by Buyer of the Transaction Agreements to be
         executed by it, the consummation of the transactions contemplated
         thereby and the performance or observance by Buyer of any of the terms
         or conditions thereof will not (a) conflict with, or result in a breach
         or violation of the terms or conditions of, or constitute a default
         under, its Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws, any award of any
         arbitrator, or any indenture, contract or agreement (including any
         agreement with shareholders), instrument, order, judgment, decree,
         statute, law, rule or regulation to which either Buyer is subject, or
         (b) require any filing or registration with, or any consent or approval
         of, any federal, state or local governmental agency or authority.

                  7.3 Corporate Power. Buyer has the corporate power to execute
         and deliver this Agreement and to consummate the transactions
         contemplated hereby.

                  7.4 Corporate Authority. All corporate action on the part of
         Buyer necessary for the authorization, execution and delivery of the
         Transaction Agreements, and the consummation of the transactions
         contemplated thereby, have been taken prior to the date hereof. The
         Transaction Agreements are, or when delivered will be, legal, valid and
         binding obligations of Buyer, enforceable in accordance with their
         respective terms except that the enforcement thereof may be limited by
         the Enforcement Exceptions.

                  7.5 Brokers and Finders. Buyer has not retained any broker,
         finder or other financial intermediary in connection with the
         transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

                  7.6 Full Disclosure. No representation or warranty by Buyer
         contained in this Article 7 contains any untrue statement of material
         fact, or omits any material fact necessary to make the representations
         or warranties contained herein not misleading.

         8. CONDITIONS TO OBLIGATION OF BUYER TO CLOSE. The obligation of Buyer
to effect the closing of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement is
subject to the satisfaction or written waiver prior to or at the Closing of the
following conditions:

                  8.1 Representations and Warranties. The representations and
         warranties of Seller contained in this Agreement shall be true and
         correct in all material respects on the Closing Date, as if made on the
         Closing Date.



<PAGE>



                  8.2 Observance and Performance. Seller shall have observed and
         performed in all material respects all covenants and agreements
         required by this Agreement to be observed or performed by Seller on or
         prior to or at the Closing Date.

                  8.3 Intentionally omitted.

                  8.4 Verification of Operating Results. Buyer shall have been
         afforded the opportunity to review the invoices, purchase documents
         relating to the cost of goods sold, production expenses and sales
         expenses of Seller related to the Hosted Business in order to determine
         the results of operations of the Hosted Business, and shall have
         concluded that such results of operations are consistent in all
         material respects with the results of operations for such periods
         heretofore disclosed by Seller to Buyer.

                  8.5 Searches. Buyer shall have received, as of a date no more
         than five (5) days prior to the Closing Date, Uniform Commercial Code
         Searches against Seller from the Secretary of State of Minnesota and
         from such other states and/or counties as Buyer shall reasonably
         request, together with tax lien and judgment searches, in each case
         certified by a reporting service satisfactory to Buyer. Seller shall
         have obtained valid releases or terminations of any and all liens,
         security interests and encumbrances against the Assets other than
         Permitted Encumbrances and shall have delivered to Buyer evidence of
         such releases or terminations satisfactory to Buyer.

                  8.6 Condition of Purchased Assets. The Purchased Assets shall
         be functional for their intended purpose in all material respects on
         the Closing Date.

                  8.7 Consents of Third Parties; Termination of Unassignable
         Agreements. Buyer shall have received duly executed copies of any
         consents necessary to permit the assignment of the contracts, leases,
         commitments and agreements set forth on SCHEDULE 6.13, except for the
         Unassignable Agreements. Seller shall have delivered termination
         notices for all of the Unassignable Agreements.

                  8.8 Notices. Seller shall have made all filings and
         registrations with all federal, state and local governmental agencies
         or authorities required to be made by Seller in connection with the
         execution and delivery hereof and the consummation of the transactions
         contemplated hereby.

                  8.9 Regulatory Approvals. Buyer shall have received all
         authorizations, consents and approvals of governments and governmental
         agencies required in connection with the transactions contemplated by
         this Agreement.

                  8.10 Secretary's Certificate. Seller shall have delivered to
         Buyer copies of all necessary corporate resolutions authorizing the
         execution, delivery and performance by Seller of this Agreement, the
         other Transaction Agreements and the transactions contemplated hereby
         and thereby, certified to be true, correct, complete, unchanged and in
         full force and effect on the Closing Date by the Secretary or an
         Assistant Secretary of Seller, accompanied by such other certifications
         by such Secretaries as are requested by Buyer, in a form acceptable to
         Buyer.



<PAGE>



                  8.11 Copies of Documents. Buyer shall have received accurate
         and complete copies of all documents and instruments listed in any of
         the schedules or exhibits to this Agreement (and of any amendments,
         waivers or similar supplementary materials related thereto).

                  8.12 Legal Opinion. Buyer shall have received an opinion,
         dated as of the Closing Date, in form and substance acceptable to
         Buyer, from Maslon Edelman Borman & Brand, LLP, counsel to Seller.

                  8.13 No Legal Actions. No court or governmental authority of
         competent jurisdiction shall have issued an order restraining,
         enjoining or otherwise prohibiting the consummation of the transactions
         contemplated by this Agreement, and no person, firm, corporation or
         governmental agency shall have instituted an action or proceeding which
         shall not have been previously dismissed seeking to restrain, enjoin or
         prohibit the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this
         Agreement.

                  8.14 Closing Documents. Buyer shall have received such bills
         of sale, assignments and other documents of transfer, in a form
         acceptable to Buyer, reasonably required to transfer to Buyer the
         interests of Seller in the Purchased Assets consistent with the terms
         of this Agreement.

                  8.15 Proceedings and Documents. All corporate and other
         proceedings and actions taken in connection with the transactions
         contemplated hereby and all certificates, opinions, agreements,
         instruments and documents mentioned herein or incident to any such
         transaction shall be reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to
         Buyer and its counsel.

         9. CONDITIONS TO OBLIGATION OF SELLER TO CLOSE. The obligation of
Seller to effect the transactions contemplated by this Agreement is subject to
the satisfaction or written waiver prior to or at the Closing of the following
conditions:

                  9.1 Representations and Warranties. The representations and
         warranties of Buyer contained in this Agreement shall be true and
         correct in all material respects on the Closing Date, as if made on the
         Closing Date.

                  9.2 Observance and Performance. Buyer shall have observed and
         performed in all material respects all covenants and agreements
         required by this Agreement to be observed or performed by Buyer on or
         prior to or at the Closing Date.

                  9.3 Intentionally omitted.

                  9.4 Secretary's Certificate. Buyer shall have delivered to
         Seller copies of all necessary corporate resolutions of Buyer
         authorizing the execution, delivery and performance by Buyer of this
         Agreement, the other Transaction Agreements and the transactions
         contemplated hereby and thereby, certified to be true, correct,
         complete, unchanged and in full force and effect on the Closing Date by
         the Secretary or Assistant Secretary of Buyer accompanied by such other
         certifications by such Secretary as are requested by Seller, in a form
         acceptable to Seller.



<PAGE>



                  9.7 Notices. Buyer shall have made all filings and
         registrations with all federal, state and local governmental agencies
         or authorities required to be made by Buyer in connection with the
         execution and delivery hereof and consummation of the transactions
         contemplated hereby.

                  9.8 Regulatory Approvals. Buyer shall have received all
         authorizations, consents and approvals of governments and governmental
         agencies required in connection with the purchase and sale contemplated
         by this Agreement.

                  9.9 Legal Opinion. Seller shall have received an opinion,
         dated as of the Closing date, in form and substance acceptable to
         Seller, from Faegre & Benson LLP, counsel to Buyer.

                  9.10 No Legal Actions. No court or governmental authority of
         competent jurisdiction shall have issued an order restraining,
         enjoining or otherwise prohibiting the consummation of the transactions
         contemplated by this Agreement, and no person, firm, corporation or
         governmental agency shall have instituted an action or proceeding which
         shall not have been previously dismissed seeking to restrain, enjoin or
         prohibit the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this
         Agreement.

         10. OTHER COVENANTS.

                  10.1 Termination of License Agreement. Buyer and Seller have
         entered into that certain (a) Application Service Provider Software
         License Agreement dated December 28, 2001, (b) Software License
         Agreement dated April 8, 2002, and (c) Affiliate Agreement dated
         December 28, 2000 (collectively, the "LICENSE Agreements"). At the
         Closing, the parties shall execute and deliver a Termination and
         Release Agreement relating to the License Agreements in substantially
         the form attached hereto as EXHIBIT B (the "TERMINATION AGREEMENT"),
         which shall provide for the termination of the License Agreements and
         the mutual release of the parties for all claims arising under or
         relating thereto.

                  10.2 Payment of Seller Expenses. At or prior to the Closing,
         Buyer agrees to reimburse Seller for the expenses of Seller incurred in
         connection with the transactions contemplated hereby, not to exceed
         $150,000 in the aggregate, including the fees of Maslon Edelman Borman
         & Brand, LLP, not to exceed $25,000.

                  10.3 Termination of Unassignable Agreements. Buyer will take
         all actions necessary to terminate the Unassignable Agreements.

                  10.4 ERISA Matters. Seller will satisfy all obligations under
         Section 4980B of the Code, Part 6 of Subtitle B of Title I of ERISA, or
         any comparable law, relating to the continuation of health or other
         coverage to any employee or former employee of Seller (or any dependent
         or former dependent of such an employee or former employee) with
         respect to any qualifying event that occurred on or prior to the
         Closing Date (including any qualifying event that occurs on the Closing
         Date as a result of the consummation of the transactions contemplated
         by this Agreement), or that may occur after the Closing Date with
         respect to any employee benefit plan maintained by Seller after the
         Closing Date.



<PAGE>



                  10.5 Termination of UCC Financing Statements. Within 20 days
         of the Closing Date, Seller will (a) take all actions necessary to
         terminate (i) UCC-1 Financing Statement File No. 2301692 in favor of
         B&L Financial, Inc. filed with the State of Minnesota on February 22,
         2001 listing Seller as the debtor, (ii) UCC-1 Financing Statement File
         No. 2294123 in favor of Timothy G. Jameson and Geri L. Jameson filed
         with the State of Minnesota on January 24, 2001 listing Seller as the
         debtor, and (iii) UCC-1 Financing Statement File No. 1148311 in favor
         of Timothy G. Jameson and Geri L. Jameson filed with the County
         Recorder of Hennepin County, Minnesota on January 24, 2001 listing
         Seller as the debtor and (b) provide Buyer with evidence from the
         Secretary of State of the State of Minnesota and the County Recorder of
         Hennepin County, Minnesota that such UCC-1 Financing Statements have
         been terminated.

         11. INDEMNIFICATION.

                  11.1 Indemnification of Buyer. Seller and its successors and
         assigns agree to indemnify and hold harmless Buyer, its Affiliates (as
         defined in Rule 12b-2 promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of
         1934, as amended) and their respective shareholders, directors,
         officers, employees and agents thereof (collectively, the "BUYER
         INDEMNITEES" and individually a "BUYER INDEMNITEE") against and with
         respect to:

                           (a) Any and all losses, injuries, damages,
                  deficiencies, liabilities, costs, penalties, interest,
                  expenses and obligations, net of any offsetting gains, cost
                  savings or recoveries directly related thereto (collectively,
                  "LOSSES") directly or indirectly resulting or arising from the
                  operation of the Hosted Business and/or the ownership of the
                  Purchased Assets or from incidents or occurrences relating to
                  the Hosted Business or the Purchased Assets, prior to the
                  Closing, except for Losses relating to or resulting from the
                  Assumed Liabilities;

                           (b) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing,
                  any and all Losses directly or indirectly resulting or arising
                  from claims under any Plans, including without limitation,
                  claims by any participant therein or dependent of such
                  participant and claims by any governmental agency with respect
                  thereto;

                           (c) Any and all Losses directly or indirectly
                  resulting or arising from any misrepresentation or breach of
                  warranty on the part of the Seller, under this Agreement, the
                  other Transaction Agreements or any certificate, document,
                  agreement or instrument delivered pursuant hereto or thereto;

                           (d) Any and all Losses directly or indirectly
                  resulting or arising from any non-fulfillment of any covenant
                  or agreement on the part of the Seller under this Agreement,
                  the Transaction Agreements or any certificate, document,
                  agreement or instrument delivered pursuant hereto or thereto;

                           (e) Except as provided in SECTION 10.2, any and all
                  Losses directly or indirectly resulting or arising from the
                  termination of the employment of any employee of the Seller
                  related in any way to this Agreement, the Transaction
                  Agreements or the transactions contemplated thereby; and



<PAGE>



                           (f) Any and all Losses directly or indirectly
                  resulting or arising from that certain Employment Agreement
                  dated as of November 25, 2002 between Seller and Jack A.
                  Johnson, the termination of Mr. Johnson's employment with
                  Seller or any other obligation of Seller to Mr. Johnson; and

                           (g) Any and all demands, claims, actions, suits,
                  proceedings, assessments, judgments, costs and reasonable
                  legal and other expenses incident to the foregoing.

         The indemnification obligations of Seller or their successors and
assigns hereunder relate to indemnification for all Losses of a Buyer
Indemnitee, regardless of whether such Loss arises from a third-party claim
against such Buyer Indemnitee or otherwise.

         Notwithstanding anything to the contrary provided elsewhere in this
Agreement:

                  (i)      The Seller or its successors and assigns will be
                           liable to Buyer Indemnitees for amounts payable under
                           this SECTION 11.1 (other than claims based on (A)
                           fraud or intentional misrepresentations by Seller,
                           (B) a breach of Sections 6.11 and 10.5 by Seller or
                           (C) Losses relating to Section 11.1(f), as to which
                           no deductible shall apply) only to the extent such
                           amounts in the aggregate exceed $15,000 and in no
                           event shall Seller or its successors and assigns be
                           liable to Buyer Indemnitees under this SECTION 11.1
                           (other than claims based on (A) fraud or intentional
                           misrepresentations by Seller, (B) a breach of
                           Sections 6.11 and 10.5 by Seller or (C) Losses
                           relating to Section 11.1(f), as to which no
                           limitation shall apply) for amounts which exceed in
                           the aggregate the Purchase Price;

                  (ii)     The obligations of Seller and its successors and
                           assigns under this Agreement to indemnify Buyer
                           Indemnitees shall be of no force with respect to
                           claims under this SECTION 11.1 as to which a Buyer
                           Indemnitee has not given the Company written notice
                           describing the basis for such claim in reasonable
                           detail within twelve (12) months after the Closing
                           Date.

                  11.2 Indemnification of Seller by Buyer. Buyer hereby agrees
         to indemnify and hold harmless Seller and its successors and assigns
         and all Affiliates of Seller and its shareholders, directors, officers,
         employees and agents thereof (collectively, the "SELLER INDEMNITEES"
         and individually, a "SELLER INDEMNITEE") against and with respect to:

                           (a) Any and all Losses directly or indirectly
                  resulting or arising from the operation of the Hosted Business
                  and/or the ownership of the Purchased Assets, the Assumed
                  Liabilities, the Hired Employees (only with respect to
                  services provided by such employees following the Closing) or
                  from incidents or occurrences relating to such business,
                  assets, liabilities or employees subsequent to the Closing,
                  except to the extent the Seller is obligated to indemnify
                  Buyer therefor.



<PAGE>



                           (b) Any and all Losses directly or indirectly
                  resulting or arising from any misrepresentation or breach of
                  warranty on the part of Buyer under this Agreement, the other
                  Transaction Agreements, or any certificate, document,
                  agreement, or instrument delivered pursuant hereto or thereto;

                           (c) Any and all Losses directly or indirectly
                  resulting or arising from any non-fulfillment of any covenant
                  or agreement on the part of Buyer under this Agreement, the
                  other Transaction Agreements or any certificate, document,
                  agreement, or instrument delivered pursuant hereto or thereto;

                           (d) Any and all demands, claims, actions, suits,
                  proceedings, assessments, judgments, costs and reasonable
                  legal and other expenses incident to the foregoing.

         The indemnification obligations of Buyer hereunder relate to
indemnification for all Losses of a Seller Indemnitee, regardless of whether
such Loss arises from a third-party claim against such Seller Indemnitee or
otherwise.

         Notwithstanding anything to the contrary provided elsewhere in this
Agreement:

                  (i)      Buyer shall be liable to the Seller Indemnitees for
                           amounts payable under this SECTION 11.2 (other than
                           claims based on fraud or intentional
                           misrepresentations by Buyer, as to which no
                           deductible shall apply) only to the extent such
                           amounts in the aggregate exceed $15,000 and in no
                           event shall Buyer be jointly liable to the Seller
                           Indemnitees under this SECTION 11.2 (other than
                           claims based on fraud or intentional
                           misrepresentations by Buyer, as to which no
                           limitation shall apply) for amounts which exceed in
                           the aggregate the Purchase Price;

                  (ii)     The obligations of Buyer under this Agreement to
                           indemnify the Seller Indemnitees shall be of no force
                           or effect with respect to claims under this SECTION
                           11.2 as to which a Seller Indemnitee has not given
                           Buyer written notice describing the basis for such
                           claim in reasonable detail within twelve (12) months
                           after the Closing Date.

                  11.3 Investigation Not a Defense. No investigation by Buyer or
         its accountants, attorneys, financial advisors or personnel prior to,
         pursuant to or after the date of this Agreement shall diminish or
         obviate any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements
         of the Seller contained in this Agreement or any other Transaction
         Agreements. No investigation by Seller or their accountants, attorneys,
         financial advisors or personnel prior to, pursuant to or after the date
         of this Agreement shall diminish or obviate any of the representations,
         warranties, covenants or agreements of the Buyer contained in this
         Agreement or any other Transaction Agreements.




<PAGE>



                  11.4 Procedure for Indemnification. If a third-party claim is
         made against a Seller Indemnitee or a Buyer Indemnitee, and if such
         indemnitee believes that such claim could give rise to a right of
         indemnification, then such Seller Indemnitee or Buyer Indemnitee (an
         "INDEMNITEE") shall give written notice to the party obligated to
         provide indemnification hereunder (an "INDEMNIFYING PARTY") of such
         claim as soon as reasonably practicable after such Indemnitee has
         received notice thereof (provided that failure to give timely notice
         shall not limit the indemnification obligations of the Indemnifying
         Party hereunder except to the extent that the delay in giving, or
         failure to give, such notice has a material adverse effect upon the
         ability of the Indemnifying Party to defend against the claim). The
         Indemnifying Party shall defend such claim, at the Indemnifying Party's
         own expense and with counsel selected by the Indemnifying Party and
         reasonably satisfactory to such Indemnitee, provided that an Indemnitee
         shall at all times also have the right to fully participate in the
         defense at its own expense (and may retain its own counsel at the
         expense of the Indemnifying Party if it shall determine that
         representation of it and the Indemnifying Party by the same counsel
         would present a conflict). If the Indemnifying Party shall fail to
         defend such claim within 10 days after notice thereof shall have been
         given by an Indemnitee to the Indemnifying Party or if the Indemnifying
         Party shall not diligently pursue such a defense, such Indemnitee shall
         have the right, but not the obligation, to undertake the defense of,
         and to compromise or settle (exercising reasonable business judgment),
         the claim on behalf, for the account, and at the risk and expense
         (including without limitation the payment of the reasonable attorneys'
         fees of such Indemnitee regardless of whether the Indemnitee prevails
         against the third party claim) of the Indemnifying Party. If the
         Indemnifying Party assumes the defense of such claim, the obligation of
         the Indemnifying Party hereunder as to such claim shall include taking
         all steps necessary in the defense or settlement of such claim.

                  The Indemnifying Party shall not consent to the entry of any
         judgment or settle or compromise any third-party demands, claims,
         actions, suits or proceedings for which an Indemnitee has sought
         indemnification from the Indemnifying Party unless it shall have given
         such Indemnitee not less than 15 days prior written notice of the
         proposed consent, settlement or compromise, and afforded such
         Indemnitee an opportunity to consult with the Indemnifying Party
         regarding the proposed consent, settlement or compromise, and shall not
         consent to the entry of any judgment or enter into any settlement or
         compromise without the approval of such Indemnitee. An Indemnitee shall
         not unreasonably withhold or delay its approval of a proposed consent,
         settlement or compromise. In determining whether to give its approval,
         an Indemnitee may consider whether the proposed consent, settlement or
         compromise includes as an unconditional term thereof the giving by the
         claimant to such Indemnitee of a release from all liability in respect
         of such claim except the liability satisfied by the Indemnifying Party.

         12. MISCELLANEOUS.

                  12.1 Expenses. Except as set forth in SECTION 10.2 hereof,
         each party shall pay all of the costs and expenses incurred by it in
         negotiating and preparing this Agreement (and all other agreements,
         certificates, instruments and documents executed in connection
         herewith), in performing its obligations under this Agreement, and in
         otherwise consummating the transactions contemplated by this Agreement,
         including without limitation its attorneys' fees and accountants' fees.



<PAGE>



                  12.2 Survival. All representations, warranties and covenants
         of the parties contained in this Agreement will remain operative and in
         full force and effect, regardless of any investigation made by or on
         behalf of the parties to this Agreement, until twelve (12) months after
         the Closing Date, whereupon such representations, warranties and
         covenants will expire (except for covenants that by their terms survive
         for a longer period); provided, however, that the foregoing shall not
         bar the parties hereto, and their respective successors and assigns,
         from asserting at any time thereafter any cause of action based on the
         untruth or inaccuracy of any other representation or warranty made
         herein or in any written statement, certificate or schedule furnished
         hereunder with an intent to deceive or defraud or with reckless
         disregard for the truth or accuracy thereof, and further provided that
         any representation or warranty that would otherwise terminate on such
         date will continue to survive with respect to a claim for indemnity
         made under SECTIONS 11.1 or 11.2 on or prior to such dates, until such
         claim has been satisfied or otherwise resolved.

                  12.3 Assignment. Any party hereto without the prior written
         consent of the other party may not assign this Agreement. This
         Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the
         parties hereto, their successors and permitted assigns, and no person,
         firm or corporation other than the parties, their successors and
         permitted assigns shall acquire or have any rights under or by virtue
         of this Agreement.

                  12.4 Covenant of Further Assurances. From time to time after
         the Closing, without further consideration, Seller will execute and
         deliver such other instruments of transfer and take such other actions
         as Buyer may reasonably require to transfer the Purchased Assets to,
         and vest title of the Purchased Assets in, Buyer, and to put Buyer in
         possession of the Purchased Assets. Without limiting the foregoing,
         Seller shall execute and deliver such instruments and take such other
         actions as Buyer may reasonably request in connection with Buyer's
         efforts to obtain patent, copyright, trademark or other statutory
         protection for any part of the Intellectual Property. In the event that
         it shall be necessary for Seller to qualify to do business as a foreign
         corporation in any state after the Closing in order for Buyer to
         enforce any material claim, Seller shall so qualify promptly upon
         written request of Buyer.

                  12.5 Bulk Transfer Law. Buyer and Seller each hereby waive
         compliance by Seller with the provisions of the "bulk sales," "bulk
         transfer" or similar laws of any state.

                  12.6 Public Announcement. From and after the date hereof, no
         party to this Agreement shall release information to the public
         concerning this Agreement or the transactions contemplated herein
         without the prior written consent of the other party unless required by
         law, judicial or administrative order, or rule or regulation of the SEC
         or any applicable securities exchange and full opportunity for prior
         consultation is afforded to the other party to the extent practicable.

                  12.7 Entire Agreement. This Agreement, including the exhibits
         and schedules attached to this Agreement, and the other Transaction
         Agreements constitute the entire agreement and understanding among
         Seller and Buyer with respect to the sale and purchase of the Purchased
         Assets and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement. All
         prior representations, understandings and agreements between the
         parties with respect to the purchase and sale of the

<PAGE>



         Purchased Assets and the other transactions contemplated by this
         Agreement are superseded by the terms of this Agreement.

                  12.8 Amendment and Waiver. Any provision of this Agreement may
         be amended or waived only by a writing signed by the party against
         which enforcement of the amendment or waiver is sought.

                  12.9 Choice of Law. This Agreement shall be construed and
         interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Minnesota,
         without regards to the conflict of laws provisions thereof, as though
         all acts and omissions related to this Agreement occurred in the State
         of Minnesota.

                  12.10 Jurisdiction and Venue. Seller and Buyer irrevocably
         consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts
         located in Hennepin County, Minnesota, in any actions arising out of or
         relating to this Agreement, and waive any other venue to which either
         party might be entitled by domicile or otherwise.

                  12.11 Severability. The provisions of this Agreement shall,
         where possible, be interpreted so as to sustain their legality and
         enforceability, and for that purpose the provisions of this Agreement
         shall be read as if they cover only the specific situation to which
         they are being applied. The invalidity or unenforceability of any
         provision of this Agreement in a specific situation shall not affect
         the validity or enforceability of that provision in other situations or
         of other provisions of this Agreement.

                  12.12 Facsimile Signature and Counterparts. This Agreement may
         be executed by facsimile signature and in counterparts, each of which
         shall be considered an original.

                  12.13. Notices. All notices given pursuant to this Agreement
         shall be in writing and shall be delivered by hand or sent by United
         States registered mail, postage prepaid, addressed as follows (or to
         another address or person as a party may specify on notice to the
         other):

                  (i)      If to Buyer:

                           Stellent, Inc.
                           7777 Golden Triangle Drive
                           Eden Prairie, Minnesota  55344
                           Attention: Gregg A. Waldon
                           Telephone: (952) 903-2003
                           Facsimile: (952) 829-5424



<PAGE>



                           with a copy to:

                           Faegre and Benson LLP
                           2200 Wells Fargo Center
                           90 South Seventh Street
                           Minneapolis, Minnesota  55402
                           Attention: Kris Sharpe
                           Telephone: (612) 766-7000
                           Facsimile: (612) 766-1600

                  (ii)     If to Seller:

                           Active IQ Technologies, Inc.
                           5720 Smetana Drive, Suite 101
                           Minnetonka, Minnesota 55343
                           Attention: Chief Executive Officer
                           Telephone:  (952) 345-6600
                           Facsimile:  (952) 345-6601

                           With a copy to:

                           Maslon Edelman Borman & Brand, LLP
                           3300 Wells Fargo Center
                           90 South Seventh Street
                           Minneapolis, Minnesota 55402-4140
                           Attention: William M. Mower, Esq.
                           Telephone:  (612) 672-8200
                           Facsimile:  (612) 642-8358

                  12.14 Parties In Interest. This Agreement shall be binding
         upon and inure solely to the benefit of the parties hereto and their
         successors and permitted assigns, and nothing in this Agreement,
         expressed or implied, is intended to confer upon any other person any
         rights or remedies of any nature under or by reason of this Agreement;
         provided, however, that the Hired Employees are intended third party
         beneficiaries with respect to Buyer's agreements and obligations set
         forth in Section 5 hereof.

                  12.15 Headings. The headings contained in this Agreement are
         for reference purposes only and shall not affect in any way the meaning
         or interpretation of this Agreement.

                  12.16 Remedies. Except as otherwise provided in Section 10,
         nothing contained herein is intended to or shall be construed so as to
         limit the remedies which any party may have against the other in the
         event of a breach by any party of any representation, warranty,
         covenant or agreement made under or pursuant to this Agreement, it
         being intended that any remedies shall be cumulative and not exclusive.



<PAGE>



                  12.17 Knowledge of the Parties. Where any representation or
         warranty contained in this Agreement is expressly qualified by
         reference to the best knowledge or to the knowledge of any of the
         parties hereto, each of the parties hereto acknowledges and confirms
         that, as to the matters that are the subject of such representations
         and warranties, such party has made all appropriate inquiries of
         officers and appropriate additional executives of such party (and
         inquiries of such other individuals as, based on the results of the
         inquiries and knowledge of such party's officers and other appropriate
         executives, a reasonable person would deem prudent) and, when the
         results of such inquiries indicated it to be prudent, has reviewed all
         appropriate books and records of such party, but the terms "knowledge"
         and "best knowledge" shall not mean, require or imply that the
         representing party has made any further investigation or inquiry.



     Remainder of Page Left Intentionally Blank -- Signature Page to Follow


<PAGE>



         The parties have caused this Asset Purchase Agreement to be executed
and delivered by their duly authorized officers as of the date and year first
above written.

BUYER:                                        STELLENT, INC.


                                              By:  /s/ Gregg A. Waldon
                                                  ------------------------------
                                                   Gregg A. Waldon
                                                   Chief Financial Officer


SELLER:                                       ACTIVE IQ TECHNOLOGIES, INC.


                                              By:  /s/ Jack A. Johnson
                                                  ------------------------------
                                                   Jack A. Johnson
                                                   President and Chief Executive
                                                     Officer








[Pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K, certain the foregoing exhibits
and schedules have been omitted from this agreement. The Registrant will furnish
a copy of any omitted schedule or exhibit to the Commission upon request.]


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
