<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2.12
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>exhibit212.txt
<DESCRIPTION>INDENTURE DATED AS OF FEBRUARY 27, 2003
<TEXT>
                                                                    Exhibit 2.12

     INDENTURE,  dated as of February 27,  2003,  among  AMVESCAP  PLC, a public
limited company duly organized and existing under the laws of the United Kingdom
(the  "Company"),  A I M ADVISORS,  INC., A I M MANAGEMENT  GROUP INC.,  INVESCO
INSTITUTIONAL   (N.A.),   INC.,  and  INVESCO  NORTH  AMERICAN  HOLDINGS,   INC.
(collectively,  the  "Guarantors")  and SunTrust  Bank, a bank and trust company
duly organized and existing under the laws of Georgia (the "Trustee").

                             RECITALS OF THE COMPANY

     The  Company  has  duly  authorized  the  execution  and  delivery  of this
Indenture  to create and  provide for the  issuance  from time to time of 5.375%
Senior Notes Due 2013 (the  "Initial  Securities")  and 5.375%  Senior Notes Due
2013,  Series B (the  "Exchange  Securities"  and,  together  with  the  Initial
Securities and any Additional Securities, the "Securities") of substantially the
tenor as hereinafter set forth.

     Each of the  Guarantors  has duly  authorized the execution and delivery of
this  Indenture to provide for the issuance of guarantees  of the  Securities as
provided in this Indenture.

     Upon the  effectiveness  of the Exchange Offer  Registration  Statement (as
defined herein) or the Shelf  Registration  Statement (as defined herein),  this
Indenture will be subject to the provisions of the Trust  Indenture Act of 1939,
as amended,  that are required to be part of this  Indenture  and shall,  to the
extent applicable, be governed by such provisions.

     All things  necessary  to make this  Indenture a valid and legally  binding
agreement of the Company and the Guarantors,  in accordance with its terms, have
been done.

         NOW, THEREFORE, THIS INDENTURE WITNESSETH:

     For and in consideration of the premises and the purchase of the Securities
by the Holders thereof,  it is mutually covenanted and agreed, for the equal and
proportionate benefit of all Holders of the Securities, as follows:

                                   ARTICLE I
                        DEFINITIONS AND OTHER PROVISIONS
                             OF GENERAL APPLICATION

     Section 1.01 Definitions.

     For all purposes of this Indenture,  except as otherwise expressly provided
or unless the context otherwise requires:

          (a) the terms  defined in this Article  have the meanings  assigned to
     them in this Article and include the plural as well as the singular;

          (b) all  other  terms  used  herein  which  are  defined  in the Trust
     Indenture Act, either directly or by reference  therein,  have the meanings
     assigned to them therein;
<PAGE>

          (c)  unless  the  context  otherwise  requires,  any  reference  to an
     "Article" or a "Section" refers to an Article or a Section, as the case may
     be, of this Indenture; and

          (d) the words  "herein",  "hereof" and  "hereunder" and other words of
     similar import refer to this Indenture as a whole and not to any particular
     Article, Section or other subdivision.

     "Act",  when used with respect to any Holder,  has the meaning specified in
Section 1.04.

     "Additional Amounts" has the meaning set forth in Section 10.04.

     "Additional Securities" has the meaning set forth in Section 3.01.

     "Affiliate"  means, with respect to any specified Person,  any other Person
directly or indirectly  controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect
common control with such specified Person.  For the purposes of this definition,
"control",  when used with respect to any specified  Person,  means the power to
direct the  management  and  policies of such  Person,  directly or  indirectly,
whether  through the ownership of voting  securities,  by contract or otherwise;
and the terms  "controlling" and "controlled"  have meanings  correlative to the
foregoing.

     "Agent Member" means any member of or participant in, the Depositary.

     "Applicable  Procedures"  means  applicable  procedures of the  Depositary,
Euroclear or Clearstream, as the case may be.

     "Board of Directors"  means, as the context  requires,  either the board of
directors  of the  Company  or a  Guarantor,  as the  case  may be,  or any duly
authorized committee of that board.

     "Board Resolution"  means, as the context requires,  a copy of a resolution
certified  by the  Secretary  or an  Assistant  Secretary  of the  Company  or a
Guarantor,  as the  case may be,  to have  been  duly  adopted  by the  Board of
Directors and to be in full force and effect on the date of such  certification,
and delivered to the Trustee.

     "Business Day" means each Monday, Tuesday,  Wednesday,  Thursday and Friday
that is not a day on which banking institutions in New York, New York or London,
England are authorized or obligated by law or executive order to close.

     "Change in Tax Law" has the meaning specified in Section 11.01(a).

     "Clearstream" means Clearstream Banking,  S.A., or any successor securities
clearing agency.

     "Commission"  means the  Securities and Exchange  Commission,  from time to
time  constituted,  created under the Exchange Act, or, if at any time after the
execution of this Indenture  such  Commission is not existing and performing the
duties  now  assigned  to it  under  the  Trust  Indenture  Act,  then  the body
performing such duties at such time.

                                       2

<PAGE>

     "Company" means the Person named as the "Company" in the first paragraph of
this Indenture  until a successor  Person shall have become such pursuant to the
applicable  provisions of this  Indenture,  and thereafter  "Company" shall mean
such successor Person.

     "Company  Request"  or  "Company  Order"  means a written  request or order
signed in the name of the Company by its Chairman,  its Chief Executive Officer,
its President,  any Vice President, its Treasurer or an Assistant Treasurer, and
delivered to the Trustee.

     "Comparable  Treasury  Issue"  means the United  States  Treasury  security
selected by the Reference Treasury Dealer as having a maturity comparable to the
remaining term of the  Securities to be redeemed that would be utilized,  at the
time of selection  and in  accordance  with  customary  financing  practice,  in
pricing new issues of corporate  debt  securities of comparable  maturity to the
remaining term of such Securities.

     "Comparable  Treasury  Price"  means  (a) the  average  of three  Reference
Treasury Dealer Quotations for such Redemption Date, after excluding the highest
and lowest Reference Treasury Dealer  Quotations,  or (b) if the Trustee obtains
fewer than three such Reference Treasury Dealer  Quotations,  the average of all
such quotations.

     "Corporate Trust Office" means the principal  corporate trust office of the
Trustee,  at which at any particular  time its corporate trust business shall be
administered, which office at the date of execution of this Indenture is located
at 25 Park Place, 24th Floor, Atlanta, Georgia 30303.

     "Credit  Facilities" means (a) the Five-Year Credit Agreement,  dated as of
June 18, 2001, among the Company, as borrower,  Citibank, N.A., Bank of America,
N.A. and HSBC Bank Plc, as  co-syndication  agents,  Bank of America,  N.A.,  as
funding  agent,  and the  initial  lenders  named  therein,  as the  same may be
amended, modified, extended, refinanced, restated or replaced from time to time,
(b) the 364-Day Credit Agreement,  dated as June 18, 2001, among the Company, as
borrower,  Citibank,  N.A.,  Bank  of  America,  N.A.  and  HSBC  Bank  Plc,  as
co-syndication  agents, Bank of America, N.A., as funding agent, and the initial
lenders  named  therein,  as  the  same  may  be  amended,  modified,  extended,
refinanced,  restated or replaced from time to time, and (c) any other agreement
or  agreements  between  the  Company  and  one or more  financial  institutions
providing for the making of loans or advances on a revolving basis,  term loans,
the issuance of letters of credit and/or the creation of bankers' acceptances to
fund, among other things, the Company's general corporate requirements.

     "Default"  means any event  that is, or after  notice or passage of time or
both would be, an Event of Default.

     "Defaulted Interest" has the meaning specified in Section 3.09.

     "Depositary"   means  The  Depository  Trust  Company,   its  nominees  and
successors.

     "Euroclear"  means  the  Euroclear  Bank,   S.A./N.V.,   or  any  successor
securities clearing agency.

     "Event of Default" has the meaning specified in Section 5.01.

                                       3
<PAGE>

     "Exchange  Act" means the  Securities  and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended
from time to time, and the rules and regulations thereunder.

     "Exchange Offer" means the exchange offer that may be effected  pursuant to
the Registration Rights Agreement or other substantially  similar exchange offer
relating to the Initial Securities and any Additional Securities.

     "Exchange   Offer   Registration   Statement"   means  the  Exchange  Offer
Registration Statement as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement.

     "Exchange  Security"  means any Security  issued in exchange for an Initial
Security  or  Initial  Securities  and any  Additional  Security  or  Additional
Securities  pursuant to the  Exchange  Offer or otherwise  registered  under the
Securities  Act and any  Security  with  respect  to which  the  next  preceding
Predecessor Security of such Security was an Exchange Security.

     "Global Security" shall have the meaning specified in Section 2.01.

     "Guarantees" has the meaning specified in Section 13.01.

     "Guarantor"  means (a) each Person  named as the  "Guarantor"  in the first
paragraph  of this  Indenture  until a successor  Person  shall have become such
pursuant  to  the  applicable  provisions  of  this  Indenture,  and  thereafter
"Guarantor"  shall mean such successor  Person and (b) any Person that becomes a
Guarantor after the date of this Indenture pursuant to Section 10.09 hereof.

     "Holder"  means the  Person  in whose  name a  Security  is, at the time of
determination, registered on the Security Register.

     "Indebtedness"  means  indebtedness  for  borrowed  money or for the unpaid
purchase  price of real or personal  property of the Company in accordance  with
generally  accepted  accounting  principles in the United Kingdom,  consistently
applied, that are then in effect.

     "Indenture" means this instrument as originally executed and as it may from
time to time be supplemented  or amended by one or more indentures  supplemental
hereto entered into pursuant to the applicable provisions hereof.

     "Initial  Securities"  has the meaning  stated in the first recital of this
Indenture.

     "Interest  Payment  Date" means the Stated  Maturity of an  installment  of
interest on the Securities.

     "Listing Failure" has the meaning specified in Section 10.04.

     "Luxembourg  Paying Agent" means Banque  Generale du Luxembourg S.A. or any
successor thereto appointed by the Company.

     "Maturity", when used with respect to any Security, means the date on which
the principal of such Security or an  installment  of principal  becomes due and
payable as  therein or

                                       4
<PAGE>
herein   provided,   whether  at  the  Stated  Maturity  or  by  declaration  of
acceleration, notice of redemption or otherwise.

     "Obligations"  means the  obligations  of the Company and any other obligor
hereunder or under the Securities,  including the  Guarantors,  to pay principal
of,  interest on and Additional  Amounts with respect to the Securities when due
and payable at Maturity,  and all other amounts due or to become due under or in
connection with this Indenture,  the Securities and the performance of all other
obligations to the Trust (including all amounts due to the Trustee under Section
6.07 hereof) and the Holders under this Indenture and the  Securities  according
to the terms hereof and thereof.

     "Officers'  Certificate"  means a certificate  signed by the Chairman,  the
Executive  Chairman,  the Chief  Executive  Officer,  the  President,  the Chief
Financial  Officer,  the  General  Counsel  or any  Vice  President,  and by the
Treasurer, an Assistant Treasurer,  the Secretary, an Assistant Secretary or the
Chief Financial Officer (provided that the Chief Financial Officer may only sign
on behalf of the Company or any Guarantor once) of the Company or any Guarantor,
as applicable, and delivered to the Trustee.

     "Opinion of Counsel" means a written opinion of counsel, who may be counsel
for the Company or the Guarantors,  as applicable,  including an employee of the
Company, and who shall be acceptable to the Trustee.

     "Outstanding",  when used with respect to Securities, means, as of the date
of determination,  all Securities theretofore  authenticated and delivered under
this Indenture, except:

          (a)  Securities  theretofore  cancelled by the Trustee or delivered to
     the Trustee for cancellation;

          (b) Securities, or portions thereof, for whose payment,  redemption or
     purchase money in the necessary amount has been theretofore  deposited with
     the Trustee or any Paying  Agent  (other than the  Company) in trust or set
     aside and  segregated  in trust by the Company (if the Company shall act as
     its own Paying Agent) for the Holders of such Securities; provided that, if
     such Securities are to be redeemed, notice of such redemption has been duly
     given pursuant to this Indenture or provision therefor  satisfactory to the
     Trustee has been made;

          (c)  Securities,  except to the extent  provided in Article XII,  with
     respect  to which the  Company  has  effected  defeasance  and/or  covenant
     defeasance as provided in Article XII; and

          (d)  Securities  which have been paid  pursuant to Section  3.08 or in
     exchange for or in lieu of which other  Securities have been  authenticated
     and delivered pursuant to this Indenture, other than any such Securities in
     respect of which  there  shall have been  presented  to the  Trustee  proof
     satisfactory  to it that such  Securities are held by a bona fide purchaser
     in whose hands the Securities are valid obligations of the Company;

provided,  however,  that in  determining  whether the Holders of the  requisite
principal  amount of  Outstanding  Securities  have given any  request,  demand,
authorization,  direction,  consent,  notice

                                       5
<PAGE>
or waiver hereunder,  and for the purpose of making the calculations required by
TIA Section 313,  Securities  owned by the Company or any other obligor upon the
Securities  or any  Affiliate  of the  Company  or such other  obligor  shall be
disregarded  and deemed  not to be  Outstanding,  except  that,  in  determining
whether the Trustee shall be protected in making such  calculation or in relying
upon any such request,  demand,  authorization,  direction,  notice,  consent or
waiver,  only  Securities  which the Trustee has actual  knowledge  are so owned
shall be so  disregarded.  Securities  so owned which have been  pledged in good
faith  may  be  regarded  as  Outstanding  if  the  pledgee  establishes  to the
satisfaction  of the Trustee the pledgee's  right so to act with respect to such
Securities and that the pledgee is not the Company or any other obligor upon the
Securities or any Affiliate of the Company or such other obligor.

     "Paying  Agent"  means any  Person  authorized  by the  Company  to pay the
principal of or interest on any Securities on behalf of the Company.

     "Person" means any individual, corporation, limited or general partnership,
limited liability  company,  joint venture,  association,  joint-stock  company,
trust,  unincorporated  organization  or  government  or any agency or political
subdivision thereof.

     "Place of Payment"  means,  when used with respect to the  Securities,  the
place or places  where the  principal  of and  interest  on the  Securities  are
payable as specified as contemplated by Section 3.01 and Section 3.09.

     "Predecessor  Security" of any  particular  Security  means every  previous
Security  evidencing all or a portion of the same debt as that evidenced by such
particular  Security;  and,  for the purposes of this  definition,  any Security
authenticated  and delivered  under Section 3.08 in exchange for or in lieu of a
mutilated,  destroyed,  lost or stolen  Security shall be deemed to evidence the
same debt as the mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Security.

     "Private Placement Legend" has the meaning specified in Section 2.02.

     "QIB" means a "Qualified Institutional Buyer" under Rule 144A.

     "Redemption  Date",  when used with respect to any Security to be redeemed,
in whole or in part,  means the date fixed for such redemption by or pursuant to
this Indenture.

     "Redemption  Price", when used with respect to any Security to be redeemed,
means the price at which it is to be redeemed pursuant to this Indenture.

     "Reference  Treasury  Dealer" means Merrill Lynch,  Pierce,  Fenner & Smith
Incorporated,  Salomon Smith Barney Inc., and their respective  successors,  and
any other primary  treasury dealer selected by the Trustee and acceptable to the
Company.

     "Reference   Treasury  Dealer  Quotations"  means,  with  respect  to  each
Reference Treasury Dealer and any Redemption Date, the average, as determined by
the  Trustee,  of the bid and asked  prices for the  Comparable  Treasury  Issue
(expressed  in each case as a  percentage  of its  principal  amount)  quoted in
writing to the Trustee by such Reference  Treasury Dealer at 5:00 p.m., New York
City time, on the third Business Day preceding such Redemption Date.

                                       6
<PAGE>

     "Registrar" means SunTrust Bank and any successor authorized by the Company
to act as Registrar.

     "Registration  Rights  Agreement" means the  Registration  Rights Agreement
dated as of February 27, 2003, among the Company, the Guarantors and the initial
purchasers named therein.

     "Registration Statement" means the Exchange Offer Registration Statement or
the Shelf Registration Statement, as the case may be.

     "Regular Record Date" for the interest payable on any Interest Payment Date
means the February 12 or August 12 (whether or not a Business  Day), as the case
may be, next preceding such Interest Payment Date.

     "Regulation S" means Regulation S under the Securities Act.

     "Regulation S Global Security" has the meaning specified in Section 2.01.

     "Responsible  Officer"  when used with  respect to the  Trustee,  means any
officer within the corporate trust  department at the Corporate Trust Office (or
any successor  office) of the Trustee,  including any Vice President,  Assistant
Vice  President  or any other  officer  of the  Trustee  customarily  performing
functions  similar to those performed by any of the  above-designated  officers,
and also means, with respect to a particular  corporate trust matter,  any other
officer  to whom  such  matter  is  referred  because  of his  knowledge  of and
familiarity with the particular subject.

     "Restricted Global Security" has the meaning specified in Section 2.01.

     "Restricted Period" has the meaning set forth in Section 3.06.

     "Rule 144A" means Rule 144A under the Securities Act.

     "Securities" means the Initial Securities,  the Exchange Securities and any
Additional  Securities and more particularly means any Securities  authenticated
and delivered under this Indenture. All Initial Securities,  Exchange Securities
and Additional Securities shall vote together and be treated for all purposes as
one series of Securities under this Indenture.

     "Securities  Act" means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended from time to
time, and the rules and regulations thereunder.

     "Security Register" has the meaning set forth in Section 3.05.

     "Shelf  Registration  Statement" means the Shelf Registration  Statement as
defined in the Registration Rights Agreement.

     "Special  Record Date" for the payment of any  Defaulted  Interest  means a
date fixed by the Trustee pursuant to Section 3.09.

                                       7
<PAGE>

     "Stated  Maturity"  means,  when used with  respect to any  Security or any
installment  of interest  thereon,  the date  specified in such  Security as the
fixed  date on which the  principal  of such  Security  or such  installment  of
interest is due and payable.

     "Subsidiary"  means any Person a majority of the equity ownership or voting
stock of which is at the time  owned,  directly  or  indirectly,  by the Company
and/or  one or  more  Subsidiaries  of the  Company.  For the  purposes  of this
definition, "voting stock" means stock which ordinarily has voting power for the
election of  directors,  whether at all times or only so long as no senior class
of stock has such voting power by reason of any contingency.

     "Tax" means any tax, duty, levy,  impost,  assessment or other governmental
charge  (including  penalties,   interest  and  any  other  liabilities  related
thereto).

     "Taxing  authority"  means  any  government  or  political  subdivision  or
territory or possession of any  government or any authority or agency therein or
thereof having power to tax.

     "Treasury  Rate" means,  with respect to any Redemption  Date, the rate per
annum equal to the semi-annual  equivalent  yield-to-maturity  of the Comparable
Treasury Issue (computed as of the third Business Day immediately  preceding the
Redemption Date),  assuming a price for the Comparable Treasury Issue (expressed
as a percentage of its principal amount) equal to the Comparable  Treasury Price
for such Redemption Date.

     "Trust  Indenture  Act" or "TIA" means the Trust  Indenture Act of 1939, as
amended, as in force at the date as of which this Indenture was executed, except
as provided in Section 9.05.

     "Trustee" means the Person named as the "Trustee" in the first paragraph of
this Indenture until a successor  Trustee shall have become such pursuant to the
applicable  provisions of this  Indenture,  and thereafter  "Trustee" shall mean
such successor Trustee.

     "U.K. Withholdings Taxes" has the meaning specified in Section 10.04.

     "U.S. Government Obligations" has the meaning set forth in Section 12.04.

     "U.S. Physical Securities" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.01.

     Section 1.02 Compliance Certificates and Opinions.

     Upon any  application  or request by the  Company or the  Guarantor  to the
Trustee to take any action under any provision of this Indenture, the Company or
the  Guarantor,  as  the  case  may  be,  shall  furnish  to  the  Trustee  such
certificates and opinions as may be required under the Trust Indenture Act. Each
such  certificate  or  opinion  shall  be  given  in the  form  of an  Officers'
Certificate, if to be given by an officer of the Company or the Guarantor, or an
Opinion  of  Counsel,  if to be given by  counsel,  and  shall  comply  with the
requirements of the Trust Indenture Act and any other  requirements set forth in
this Indenture.

     Every certificate or opinion with respect to compliance with a condition or
covenant  provided  for in  this  Indenture  (other  than  pursuant  to  Section
10.06(a)) shall include:

                                       8
<PAGE>

          (a) a statement  that each  individual  signing  such  certificate  or
     opinion has read such  covenant or  condition  and the  definitions  herein
     relating thereto;

          (b) a brief statement as to the nature and scope of the examination or
     investigation  upon which the  statements  or  opinions  contained  in such
     certificate or opinion are based;

          (c) a statement that, in the opinion of each such  individual,  he has
     made such  examination  or  investigation  as is necessary to enable him to
     express an informed opinion as to whether or not such covenant or condition
     has been complied with; and

          (d) a statement as to whether, in the opinion of each such individual,
     such condition or covenant has been complied with.

     Section 1.03 Form of Documents Delivered to Trustee.

     In any case where  several  matters  are  required to be  certified  by, or
covered by an opinion of, any specified  Person,  it is not  necessary  that all
such  matters  be  certified  by, or covered by the  opinion  of,  only one such
Person,  or that they be so certified or covered by only one  document,  but one
such Person may certify or give an opinion  with respect to some matters and one
or more other such Persons as to other matters,  and any such Person may certify
or give an opinion as to such matters in one or several documents.

     Any  certificate  or  opinion  of an  officer  of the  Company  and/or  any
Guarantor  may  be  based,  insofar  as it  relates  to  legal  matters,  upon a
certificate or opinion of, or representations  by, counsel,  unless such officer
knows,  or in the exercise of reasonable  care should know, that the certificate
or  opinion  or  representations  with  respect  to the  matters  upon which his
certificate or opinion is based are erroneous.  Any such  certificate or Opinion
of Counsel  may be based,  insofar as it  relates  to  factual  matters,  upon a
certificate or opinion of, or representations  by, an officer or officers of the
Company and/or any such Guarantor  stating that the information  with respect to
such  factual  matters  is in the  possession  of the  Company  and/or  any such
Guarantors,  unless such counsel  knows,  or in the exercise of reasonable  care
should know, that the certificate or opinion or representations  with respect to
such matters are erroneous.

     Where  any  Person  is  required  to  make,  give  or  execute  two or more
applications,  requests, consents,  certificates,  statements, opinions or other
instruments  under this Indenture,  they may, but need not, be consolidated  and
form one instrument

     Section 1.04 Acts of Holders.

     Any request, demand,  authorization,  direction, notice, consent, waiver or
other action  provided by this  Indenture to be given or taken by Holders may be
embodied in and evidenced by one or more  instruments of  substantially  similar
tenor signed by such  Holders in Person or by agents duly  appointed in writing;
and, except as herein  otherwise  expressly  provided,  such action shall become
effective when such  instrument or instruments are delivered to the Trustee and,
where it is hereby expressly  required,  to the Company or the Guarantors.  Such
instrument  or  instruments  (and the  action  embodied  therein  and  evidenced
thereby) are herein  sometimes  referred to as the "Act" of the Holders  signing
such instrument or instruments.  Proof of

                                       9
<PAGE>
execution of any such instrument or of a writing appointing any such agent shall
be sufficient  for any purpose of this  Indenture and conclusive in favor of the
Trustee, the Company and the Guarantors,  if made in the manner provided in this
Section.

     The fact and date of the execution by any Person of any such  instrument or
writing may be proved by the  affidavit  of a witness of such  execution or by a
certificate  of a notary  public  or  other  officer  authorized  by law to take
acknowledgments of deeds, certifying that the individual signing such instrument
or writing acknowledged to him the execution thereof. Where such execution is by
a  signer  acting  in a  capacity  other  than  his  individual  capacity,  such
certificate or affidavit  shall also constitute  sufficient  proof of authority.
The fact and date of the  execution of any such  instrument  or writing,  or the
authority  of the  Person  executing  the same,  may also be proved in any other
manner that the Trustee deems sufficient.

     The ownership of Securities shall be proved by the Security Register.

     If the  Company  or  any  Guarantor  shall  solicit  from  the  Holders  of
Securities  any request,  demand,  authorization,  direction,  notice,  consent,
waiver or other Act,  the  Company or any such  Guarantor  (as the case may be),
may, at its  option,  by or  pursuant  to a Board  Resolution,  fix in advance a
record date for the  determination  of Holders  entitled  to give such  request,
demand, authorization,  direction, notice, consent, waiver or other Act, but the
Company or any such  Guarantor  (as the case may be) shall have no obligation to
do so.  Notwithstanding TIA Section 316(c), such record date shall be the record
date  specified in or pursuant to such Board  Resolution,  which shall be a date
not  earlier  than the date 30 days prior to the first  solicitation  of Holders
generally in connection  therewith and not later than the date such solicitation
is  completed.   If  such  a  record  date  is  fixed,  such  request,   demand,
authorization,  direction,  notice,  consent,  waiver  or other Act may be given
before or after such record date, but only the Holders of record at the close of
business on such  record date shall be deemed to be Holders for the  purposes of
determining   whether  Holders  of  the  requisite   proportion  of  Outstanding
Securities  have  authorized  or agreed or  consented to such  request,  demand,
authorization,  direction,  notice,  consent,  waiver or other Act, and for that
purpose the  Outstanding  Securities  shall be computed as of such record  date;
provided that no such authorization, agreement or consent by the Holders on such
record date shall be deemed effective unless it shall become effective  pursuant
to the  provisions  of this  Indenture  not later than eleven  months  after the
record date.

     Any request, demand,  authorization,  direction, notice, consent, waiver or
other Act of the Holder of any Security  shall bind every  future  Holder of the
same Security and the Holder of every Security  issued upon the  registration of
transfer  thereof  or in  exchange  therefor  or in lieu  thereof  in respect of
anything  done,  omitted or  suffered  to be done by the  Trustee or the Company
and/or the  Guarantors  in  reliance  thereon,  whether or not  notation of such
action is made upon such Security.

     For all  purposes  of this  Indenture,  all  Initial  Securities,  Exchange
Securities  and  Additional  Securities  shall  vote  together  as one series of
Securities under this Indenture.


                                       10
<PAGE>

     Section 1.05 Notices, etc., to Trustee, Company or Guarantors.

     Any request, demand,  authorization,  direction, notice, consent, waiver or
Act of Holders or other  document  provided or permitted by this Indenture to be
made upon, given or furnished to, or filed with:

          (a) the Trustee by any Holder,  the Company or any Guarantor  shall be
     sufficient for every purpose hereunder if made,  given,  furnished or filed
     in writing or mailed,  first-class  postage prepaid, to or with the Trustee
     at its Corporate  Trust  Office,  or sent by facsimile to the Trustee (with
     receipt confirmed by telephone) at 404-588-7335; or

          (b) the Company by the Trustee,  any Holder or any Guarantor  shall be
     sufficient for every purpose  hereunder  (unless otherwise herein expressly
     provided) if in writing and mailed,  first-class  postage  prepaid,  to the
     Company addressed to it at 11 Devonshire Square, London, ECZM 4YR, England,
     Attention:   Secretary,   or  sent  by   facsimile   to  the   Company   at
     011-44-207-454-3962     (with    receipt     confirmed    by    phone    at
     011-44-207-626-3434) with a copy to 1315 Peachtree Street, N.E., Suite 500,
     Atlanta,  Georgia 30309,  Attention:  Chief Financial  Officer,  or sent by
     facsimile at (404) 724-4280  (with receipt  confirmed by telephone at (404)
     724-4251,  or at any other address or facsimile number previously furnished
     in writing to the Trustee by the Company; or

          (c) any Guarantor by the Company, any other Guarantor,  the Trustee or
     any Holder shall be sufficient for any purpose  hereunder (unless otherwise
     herein expressly provided) if in writing,  and mailed,  first class postage
     prepaid, to such Guarantor addressed to it c/o AMVESCAP PLC, 1315 Peachtree
     Street,  N.E.,  Suite  500,  Atlanta,  Georgia  30309,  Attention:  General
     Counsel,  or sent by facsimile to such  Guarantor at (404)  724-4280  (with
     receipt confirmed by telephone at (404) 479-2889),  or at any other address
     or facsimile number previously  furnished in writing to the Trustee by such
     Guarantor; or

          (d) the Luxembourg  Paying Agent by the Company,  any  Guarantor,  the
     Trustee or any Holder shall be sufficient for any purpose hereunder (unless
     otherwise herein expressly provided) if in writing, and mailed, first class
     postage prepaid,  to the Luxembourg  Paying Agent addressed to it at Banque
     Generale du Luxembourg S.A., 50 Avenue J.F. Kennedy, L-2951 Luxembourg,  or
     at any other address or facsimile number previously furnished in writing to
     the Company.

     Section 1.06 Notice to Holders, Waiver.

     Where  this  Indenture  provides  for notice of any event to Holders by the
Company  or the  Trustee,  such  notice  shall  be  sufficiently  given  (unless
otherwise  herein  expressly  provided)  if in writing and  mailed,  first-class
postage  prepaid,  to each Holder  affected by such event,  at his address as it
appears  in the  Security  Register,  not later than the  latest  date,  and not
earlier than the earliest date, prescribed for the giving of such notice. In any
case where notice to Holders is given by mail,  neither the failure to mail such
notice,  nor any defect in any notice so mailed,  to any particular Holder shall
affect the sufficiency of such notice with respect to other Holders.

                                       11
<PAGE>
Any  notice  mailed  to a  Holder  in the  manner  herein  prescribed  shall  be
conclusively  deemed to have been  received by such Holder,  whether or not such
Holder actually receives such notice.  Where this Indenture  provides for notice
in any manner,  such  notice may be waived in writing by the Person  entitled to
receive such notice,  either before or after the event, and such waiver shall be
the equivalent of such notice.  Waivers of notice by Holders shall be filed with
the Trustee,  but such filing shall not be a condition precedent to the validity
of any action taken in reliance upon such waiver.

     In case by reason of the  suspension of or  irregularities  in regular mail
service  or by reason  of any other  cause,  it shall be  impracticable  to mail
notice of any event to Holders when such notice is required to be given pursuant
to any  provision  of this  Indenture,  then any manner of giving such notice as
shall be satisfactory  to the Trustee shall be deemed to be a sufficient  giving
of such notice for every purpose hereunder.

     Section 1.07  Conflict of any Provision of Indenture  with Trust  Indenture
Act.

     If and to the extent that any provision of this Indenture limits, qualifies
or conflicts with the duties imposed by Sections 310 to 318,  inclusive,  of the
Trust  Indenture  Act,  or  conflicts  with  any  provision  (an   "incorporated
provision")  required by or deemed to be included in this Indenture by operation
of such Trust  Indenture  Act  sections,  such  imposed  duties or  incorporated
provision shall control.

     Section 1.08 Effect of Headings and Table of Contents.

     The Article and Section  headings  herein and the Table of Contents are for
convenience only and shall not affect the construction hereof.

     Section 1.09 Successors and Assigns.

     All  covenants  and  agreements  in this  Indenture  by the Company and the
Guarantors  shall  bind  its  respective  successors  and  assigns,  whether  so
expressed or not.

     Section 1.10 Separability Clause.

     In case any provision in this Indenture or in the Securities shall be
invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality and enforceability of
the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby.

     Section 1.11 Benefits of Indenture.

     Nothing in this Indenture or in the Securities,  express or implied,  shall
give to any  Person,  other  than the  parties  hereto,  any Paying  Agent,  any
Securities  Registrar  and their  successors  hereunder,  and the  Holders,  any
benefit or any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under this Indenture.


                                       12
<PAGE>

     Section 1.12 Counterparts.

     This Indenture may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which
shall be an original,  but such counterparts  shall together  constitute but one
and the same instrument.

     Section 1.13 Governing Law.

     This  Indenture  and the  Securities  shall be governed by and construed in
accordance  with the laws of the State of New York (without regard to applicable
principles  of  conflicts  of law  thereof).  Upon the  issuance of the Exchange
Securities,  if any, or the  effectiveness  of the Exchange  Offer  Registration
Statement  or,  under  certain  circumstances,  the  effectiveness  of the Shelf
Registration Statement, this Indenture shall be subject to the provisions of the
Trust Indenture Act that are required to be part of this Indenture and shall, to
the extent applicable, be governed by such provisions.

     Section 1.14 Legal Holidays.

     In any  case  where  any  Interest  Payment  Date,  Redemption  Date,  date
established for payment of Defaulted  Interest  pursuant to Section 3.09, Stated
Maturity  or  Maturity  with  respect  to any  Security  or  other  day on which
principal,  interest or Additional  Amounts in respect or the Securities is due,
shall not be a Business Day, then  (notwithstanding  any other provision of this
Indenture or of the  Securities)  payment of  principal,  interest or Additional
Amounts  need not be made on such date,  but may be made on the next  succeeding
Business Day with the same force and effect as if made on the  Interest  Payment
Date,  Redemption  Date,  date  established  for payment of  Defaulted  Interest
pursuant  to Section  3.09 or Stated  Maturity  or  Maturity;  provided  that no
interest  shall accrue for the period from and after such Interest  Payment Date
or other such day,  Redemption  Date, date  established for payment of Defaulted
Interest pursuant to Section 3.09, Stated Maturity or Maturity,  as the case may
be, to the next succeeding Business Day.

     Section  1.15 Agent for  Service;  Submission  to  Jurisdiction;  Waiver of
Immunities and Jury Trial.

     The Company and each  Guarantor  agree that any suit,  action or proceeding
against the Company or any Guarantor arising out of or based upon this Indenture
or the  transactions  contemplated  hereby  may be  instituted  in any  State or
Federal court in The City of New York, New York, and waives any objection  which
it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any such proceeding,  and
irrevocably submits to the nonexclusive jurisdiction of such courts in any suit,
action  or  proceeding.   The  Company  and  each  Guarantor  has  appointed  CT
Corporation  System,  111  Eighth  Avenue,  New  York,  New  York  10011  as its
authorized agent (the "Authorized Agent") upon whom process may be served in any
suit,  action or proceeding  arising out of or based upon this  Indenture or the
transactions contemplated herein which may be instituted in any State or Federal
court in The City of New York, New York, and expressly  accepts the nonexclusive
jurisdiction  of  any  such  court  in  respect  of any  such  suit,  action  or
proceeding.  The Company and the  Guarantors  further  agree to take any and all
action as may be necessary to maintain such  designation and appointment of such
agent in full  force and  effect for a period of ten years from the date of this
Indenture.  If for any reason CT Corporation  System


                                       13
<PAGE>
shall cease to be available to act as such authorized  agent for the Company and
the Guarantors, the Company the Guarantors agree to designate a new agent in the
State of New York on the  terms and for the  purpose  of this  Section  1.15 The
Company and each  Guarantor  hereby  represent  and warrant that the  Authorized
Agent has  accepted  such  appointment  and has  agreed to act as said agent for
service of process, and the Company and each Guarantor agree to take any and all
action,  including the filing of any and all documents  that may be necessary to
continue  such  appointment  in full force and effect as  aforesaid.  Service of
process upon the Authorized Agent shall be deemed,  in every respect,  effective
service of process upon the Company.  Notwithstanding the foregoing,  any action
arising out of or based upon this  Indenture  may be  instituted in any court of
competent jurisdiction in England.

     To the  extent  that the  Company or any  Guarantor  has or  hereafter  may
acquire any immunity  (sovereign  or otherwise)  from any legal action,  suit or
proceeding,  from jurisdiction of any court or from set off or any legal process
(whether  service of notice,  attachment in aid of or otherwise) with respect to
itself or its property,  it hereby irrevocably waives and agrees not to plead or
claim such  immunity in respect of its  obligations  under this  Indenture,  the
Securities or the Guarantees, as applicable.

     Section 1.16 Currency.

     (a)  Each  reference  in this  Indenture  to U.S.  dollars  (the  "relevant
currency")  is of the  essence.  To the fullest  extent  permitted  by law,  the
obligation  of the  Company in  respect  of any  amount due with  respect to the
Securities or any other  obligation  under this Indenture will,  notwithstanding
any payment in any other currency (whether pursuant to a judgment or otherwise),
be discharged only to the extent of the amount in the relevant currency that the
party  entitled  to receive  such  payment  may, in  accordance  with its normal
procedures, purchase with the sum paid in such other currency (after any premium
and costs of  exchange) on the Business  Day  immediately  following  the day on
which such party receives such payment.  If the amount in the relevant  currency
that may be so  purchased  for any reason  falls short of the amount  originally
due, the Company will pay such additional amounts, in the relevant currency,  as
may be necessary to compensate for the shortfall.  Any obligation of the Company
not  discharged  by such  payment  will,  to the  fullest  extent  permitted  by
applicable  law, be due as a separate  and  independent  obligation  and,  until
discharged as provided herein, will continue in full force and effect.

     (b) The  Company  and the  Guarantors,  jointly  and  severally,  agree  to
indemnify  each Holder  against any loss  incurred by such Holder as a result of
any  judgment  or order  being  given or made  against the Company or any of the
Guarantors,  for any U.S.  dollar  amount  due  under  this  Indenture  and such
judgment  or  order  being  expressed  and  paid in a  currency  (the  "Judgment
Currency")  other than U.S.  dollars and as a result of any variation as between
(i) the rate of exchange at which the U.S.  dollar amount is converted  into the
Judgment  Currency  for the purpose of such  judgment or order and (ii) the spot
rate of


                                       14
<PAGE>
exchange  in the City of New York at which  such party on the date of payment of
such judgment or order is able to purchase  U.S.  dollars with the amount of the
Judgment  Currency  actually  received by such party if such party had  utilized
such  amount of  Judgment  Currency  to  purchase  U.S.  dollars as  promptly as
practicable  upon such party's receipt  thereof.  The foregoing  indemnity shall
continue in full force and effect  notwithstanding any such judgment or order as
aforesaid. The term "spot rate of exchange" shall include any premiums and costs
of exchange payable in connection with the purchase or, or conversion into, U.S.
dollars.

                                   ARTICLE II
                                 SECURITY FORMS

     Section 2.01 Forms Generally.

     The Securities and the Trustee's  certificate of authentication shall be in
substantially  the form  annexed  hereto as  Exhibit  A,  with such  appropriate
insertions,  omissions,  substitutions  and other  variations as are required or
permitted by this Indenture,  and may have such letters,  numbers or other marks
of  identification  and such legends or  endorsements  placed  thereon as may be
required  to  comply  with  the  rules  of any  securities  exchange  or as may,
consistently  herewith, be determined by the officers executing such Securities,
as evidenced by their  execution of the  Securities.  Any portion of the text of
any  Security  may be set  forth on the  reverse  thereof,  with an  appropriate
reference thereto on the face of the Security.

     The definitive  Securities  shall be printed,  lithographed  or engraved on
steel-engraved borders or may be produced in any other manner, all as determined
by the officers of the Company executing such Securities,  as evidenced by their
execution of such Securities.

     The terms and provisions  contained in the form of the  Securities  annexed
hereto as Exhibit A shall  constitute,  and are hereby expressly made, a part of
this Indenture.  To the extent applicable,  the Company,  the Guarantors and the
Trustee,  by their execution and delivery of this Indenture,  expressly agree to
such terms and provisions and to be bound thereby.

     Initial  Securities  offered  and sold in  reliance  on Rule 144A  shall be
issued initially in the form of one or more permanent global Securities  without
interest coupons  substantially in the form set forth in Exhibit A (collectively
"Restricted Global Security") deposited with, or on behalf of, the Depositary or
with the Trustee, as custodian for the Depositary,  duly executed by the Company
and  authenticated  by  the  Trustee  as  hereinafter  provided.  The  aggregate
principal  amount of the  Restricted  Global  Security  may from time to time be
increased  or decreased by  adjustments  made on the records of the Trustee,  as
custodian for the Depositary or its nominee, as hereinafter provided.

     Initial  Securities  offered and sold in reliance on  Regulation S shall be
issued initially in the form of one or more permanent global Securities in fully
registered form without interest coupons  substantially in the form set forth in
Exhibit A (collectively,  the "Regulation S Global Security" and,  together with
the Restricted Global Security, the "Global Securities" or each individually,  a
"Global  Security").  The Regulation S Global Security will be registered in the
name of a  nominee  of the  Depositary  and  deposited  with or on behalf of the
Depositary or with the Trustee, as custodian for Depositary, for the accounts of
Euroclear and  Clearstream.  The aggregate  principal amount of the Regulation S
Global  Security may from time to time be increased or decreased by  adjustments
made on the records of the  Depositary  or its nominee,  or of the  Trustee,  as
custodian for the Depositary or its nominee, as hereinafter provided.  Until and
including the 40th day after the date of this Indenture, beneficial interests in
the  Regulation  S  Global  Security  may be  held  only  through  Euroclear  or
Clearstream,  unless delivery is made

                                       15
<PAGE>
through the  Restricted  Global  Security in accordance  with the  certification
requirements provided in this Indenture.

     If the  Depositary  is at any time  unwilling  or unable to  continue  as a
depositary,  or if, in the case of the Regulation S Global  Security held for an
account of Euroclear or Clearstream,  Euroclear or Clearstream,  as the case may
be, is closed for business for 14  continuous  days or announces an intention to
cease or permanently  ceases business,  the Company will issue  certificates for
the Securities in definitive, fully registered, non-global form without interest
coupons in exchange for the  Regulation S Global  Security or Restricted  Global
Security,  as the  case  may  be.  In all  cases,  certificates  for  Securities
delivered in exchange for any Global  Security or beneficial  interests  therein
will be  registered  in the  names,  and issued in any  approved  denominations,
requested by the Depositary.

     In the case of  certificates  for  Securities in non-global  form issued in
exchange for the  Regulation S Global  Security or Restricted  Global  Security,
such  certificates  will bear the first legend  appearing  under Section 2.02 of
this  Indenture  (unless the Company  determines  otherwise in  accordance  with
applicable  law). The holder of a Security in non-global  form may transfer such
Security,  subject  to  compliance  with  the  provisions  of  such  legend,  by
surrendering  it at the  office or agency  maintained  by the  Company  for such
purpose in the Borough of Manhattan,  The City of New York, which initially will
be the office of the Trustee.

     Initial  Securities  offered and sold other than as global securities shall
be issued in the form of permanent certificated Securities in registered form in
substantially   the  form  set  forth  in  this  Article  (the  "U.S.   Physical
Securities").

     Section 2.02 Restrictive Legends.

     Unless  and  until  (i) an  Initial  Security  is sold  under an  effective
Registration  Statement or (ii) an Initial Security is exchanged for an Exchange
Security in connection with an effective  Registration  Statement,  in each case
pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement,  each certificate  representing a
Security  shall  contain a legend  substantially  to the  following  effect (the
"Private Placement Legend") on the face thereof:

          "THE SECURITIES  EVIDENCED  HEREBY HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED  UNDER THE
          UNITED  STATES  SECURITIES  ACT OF 1933,  AS AMENDED (THE  "SECURITIES
          ACT"), AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED,  SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED
          EXCEPT  (1) TO A  PERSON  WHO  THE  SELLER  REASONABLY  BELIEVES  IS A
          QUALIFIED  INSTITUTIONAL  BUYER  WITHIN THE MEANING OF RULE 144A UNDER
          THE  SECURITIES  ACT PURCHASING FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT
          OF A  QUALIFIED  INSTITUTIONAL  BUYER  IN A  TRANSACTION  MEETING  THE
          REQUIREMENTS  OF RULE 144A, (2) IN AN OFFSHORE  TRANSACTION  COMPLYING
          WITH RULE 903 OR RULE 904 OF REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND
          APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF SUCH OFFSHORE JURISDICTION, (3) PURSUANT
          TO AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT PROVIDED BY
          RULE 144  THEREUNDER  (IF

                                       16
<PAGE>
          AVAILABLE) OR (4) PURSUANT TO A REGISTRATION  STATEMENT WHICH HAS BEEN
          DECLARED  EFFECTIVE  UNDER  THE  SECURITIES  ACT,  IN  EACH  CASE,  IN
          ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF THE STATES OF THE UNITED
          STATES AND ANY JURISDICTION OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES."

     Each Global Security,  whether or not an Initial Security,  shall also bear
the following legend on the face thereof:

          UNLESS THIS  CERTIFICATE IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED  REPRESENTATIVE
          OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY,  A NEW YORK CORPORATION  ("DTC"),  TO
          THE COMPANY OR ITS AGENT FOR  REGISTRATION  OF  TRANSFER,  EXCHANGE OR
          PAYMENT,  AND ANY CERTIFICATE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE
          & CO.  OR TO  SUCH  OTHER  ENTITY  AS IS  REQUESTED  BY AN  AUTHORIZED
          REPRESENTATIVE  OF DTC OR SUCH  OTHER  ENTITY  AS IS  REQUESTED  BY AN
          AUTHORIZED  REPRESENTATIVE  OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT  HEREON IS MADE TO
          CEDE & CO. OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS  REQUESTED  BY AN  AUTHORIZED
          REPRESENTATIVE  OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER,  PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR
          VALUE  OR  OTHERWISE  BY  OR TO  ANY  PERSON  IS  WRONGFUL  SINCE  THE
          REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN.

          TRANSFERS  OF THIS GLOBAL  SECURITY  SHALL BE LIMITED TO  TRANSFERS IN
          WHOLE,  BUT NOT IN PART,  TO  NOMINEES OF CEDE & CO. OR TO A SUCCESSOR
          THEREOF OR SUCH SUCCESSOR'S  NOMINEE AND TRANSFERS OF PORTIONS OF THIS
          GLOBAL  SECURITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS MADE IN ACCORDANCE WITH
          THE RESTRICTIONS SET FORTH IN SECTIONS 3.06 AND 3.07 OF THE INDENTURE.

                                  ARTICLE III
                                 THE SECURITIES

     Section 3.01 Title and Terms.

     The aggregate principal amount of Securities which may be authenticated and
delivered under this Indenture is unlimited. Concurrently with the execution and
delivery of this Indenture, the aggregate principal amount of Initial Securities
to  be  authenticated  and  delivered  under  this  Indenture  is  $350,000,000.
Additional  Securities,  which may be Initial Securities or Exchange  Securities
("Additional  Securities"),  may  be  authenticated  and  delivered  under  this
Indenture at any time from time to time, and such  Securities will have the same
terms and  conditions  as, and be treated  as a single  class (for all  purposes
under this  Indenture)  with, all such  previously  authenticated  and delivered
Securities.

                                       17
<PAGE>

     The Initial  Securities shall be known and designated as the "5.375% Senior
Notes Due 2013" and the Exchange Securities shall be known and designated as the
"5.375% Senior Notes Due 2013,  Series B." The Stated Maturity of the Securities
shall be February 27, 2013 and the Securities shall bear interest at the rate of
5.375%  per annum from their date of  original  issue,  or from the most  recent
Interest  Payment  Date to which  interest has been paid or duly  provided  for,
payable  semiannually  in  arrears  on  February  27 and August 27 in each year,
commencing  on the date set  forth in the  definitive  form of such  Securities,
until the principal thereof is paid or duly provided for, to the Person in whose
name the Security (or any  Predecessor  Security) is  registered at the close of
business on the February 12 or August 12 next  preceding  such Interest  Payment
Date.

     The principal of and interest on the Securities  shall be payable,  and the
Securities  shall be exchangeable and  transferable,  at the office or agency of
the Company in (i) The City of New York and, (ii) so long as the  Securities are
listed on the Luxembourg  Stock  Exchange,  and the rules of such stock exchange
require,  in  Luxembourg,  in each case  maintained  for such  purposes,  (which
initially  shall be the office of the  Trustee  located at  SunTrust  Bank,  c/o
Computershare Trust Company of New York, Wall Street Plaza, 88 Pine Street, 19th
Floor,  New York, New York 10005 and the office of the  Luxembourg  Paying Agent
located at Banque Generale du Luxembourg  S.A., 50 Avenue J.F.  Kennedy,  L-2951
Luxembourg)  or, at the  option of the  Company,  interest  may be paid by check
mailed to the  address of the Person  entitled  thereto  as such  address  shall
appear on the Security  Register;  provided  that all  payments  with respect to
Securities  the Holders of which have given wire  transfer  instructions  to the
Trustee (or other  Paying  Agent) by the Regular  Record Date for such  payment,
will be required to be made by wire transfer of immediately  available  funds to
the accounts specified by the Holders thereof).

     Securities that remain  outstanding  after the consummation of the Exchange
Offer and Exchange  Securities issued in connection with the Exchange Offer will
be treated as a single class of securities under this Indenture.

     The Securities shall be redeemable as provided in Article XI.

     Section 3.02 Denominations.

     The Securities  shall be issuable only in registered  form without  coupons
and only in denominations of US$1,000 and any integral multiple thereof.

     Section 3.03 Execution, Authentication, Delivery and Dating.

     The  Securities  shall be executed on behalf of the Company by any Director
or member of its Executive  Committee.  The Guarantees endorsed thereon shall be
executed  on  behalf  of  each  Guarantor  by any  authorized  officer  of  each
Guarantor.  The  signature  of any of these  officers on the  Securities  or the
Guarantees  may be manual or facsimile  signatures  of the present or any future
such  authorized  officer and may be imprinted or  otherwise  reproduced  on the
Securities and the Guarantees.

     Securities  or  Guarantees  bearing the manual or facsimile  signatures  of
individuals  who were at any time the  proper  officers  of the  Company  or the
applicable  Guarantor  shall bind the Company or the Guarantor,  notwithstanding
that such  individuals  or any of them have ceased to

                                       18
<PAGE>
hold such offices prior to the authentication and delivery of such Securities or
did not hold such offices at the date of such Securities.

     At any time and from time to time after the  execution and delivery of this
Indenture, the Company may deliver Initial Securities executed by the Company to
the  Trustee  for  authentication,   together  with  a  Company  Order  for  the
authentication and delivery of such Initial Securities  directing the Trustee to
authenticate the Securities and certifying that all conditions  precedent to the
issuance of Securities  contained  herein have been fully complied with, and the
Trustee in  accordance  with such Company Order shall  authenticate  and deliver
such Initial  Securities.  On Company Order, the Trustee shall  authenticate for
original issue Exchange Securities; provided that such Exchange Securities shall
be issuable only upon the valid surrender for cancellation of Initial Securities
and any Additional Securities of a like aggregate principal amount together with
a Company Order for the  authentication  of such Securities  certifying that all
conditions  precedent to the issuance  have been complied  with  (including  the
effectiveness of a registration  statement related  thereto).  In each case, the
Trustee shall be entitled to receive an Officers'  Certificate and an Opinion of
Counsel of the Company that it may  reasonably  request in connection  with such
authentication of Securities.  Such order shall specify the amount of Securities
to be  authenticated  and the  date on  which  the  original  issue  of  Initial
Securities, Additional Securities or Exchange Securities is to be authenticated.

     Each Security shall be dated the date of its authentication.

     No Security  shall be entitled to any benefit  under this  Indenture  or be
valid or  obligatory  for any purpose  unless there  appears on such  Security a
certificate of authentication  substantially in the form provided for in Exhibit
A duly executed by the Trustee by manual signature of an authorized officer, and
such  certificate upon any Security shall be conclusive  evidence,  and the only
evidence, that such Security has been duly authenticated and delivered hereunder
and is entitled to the benefits of this Indenture.

     In case the Company,  pursuant to Article VIII,  shall be  consolidated  or
merged  with or into any  other  Person  or  shall  convey,  transfer,  lease or
otherwise  dispose of its properties and assets  substantially as an entirety to
any Person,  and the successor  Person  resulting  from such  consolidation,  or
surviving such merger,  or into which the Company shall have been merged, or the
Person  which  shall  have  received  a  conveyance,  transfer,  lease  or other
disposition as aforesaid,  shall have executed an indenture  supplemental hereto
with the Trustee  pursuant to Article VIII, any of the Securities  authenticated
or delivered prior to such consolidation, merger, conveyance, transfer, lease or
other  disposition  may,  from time to time,  at the  request  of the  successor
Person, be exchanged for other Securities  executed in the name of the successor
Person with such  changes in  phraseology  and form as may be  appropriate,  but
otherwise  in  substance of like tenor as the  Securities  surrendered  for such
exchange and of like principal amount; and the Trustee,  upon Company Request of
the successor Person,  shall authenticate and deliver Securities as specified in
such request for the purpose of such exchange.  If Securities  shall at any time
be authenticated and delivered in any new name of a successor Person pursuant to
this Section in exchange or substitution for or upon registration of transfer of
any Securities,  such successor Person, at the option of the Holders but without
expense to them,  shall  provide for the exchange of all  Securities at the time
Outstanding for Securities authenticated and delivered in such new name.

                                       19
<PAGE>

     Section 3.04 Temporary Securities.

     Pending  the  preparation  of  definitive  Securities,  the Company and the
Guarantors  may execute,  and upon Company Order the Trustee shall  authenticate
and deliver,  temporary  Securities  having duly  executed  Guarantees  endorsed
thereon, which are printed, lithographed, typewritten, mimeographed or otherwise
produced,  in any  authorized  denomination,  substantially  of the tenor of the
definitive Securities in lieu of which they are issued and with such appropriate
insertions,  omissions,  substitutions  and  other  variations  as the  officers
executing  such  Securities  and  Guarantees  may  determine,   as  conclusively
evidenced by their execution of such Securities.

     If temporary  Securities are issued,  the Company and the  Guarantors  will
cause definitive Securities to be prepared without unreasonable delay. After the
preparation  of  definitive  Securities,   the  temporary  Securities  shall  be
exchangeable   for  definitive   Securities  upon  surrender  of  the  temporary
Securities  at the office or agency of the Company  designated  for such purpose
pursuant to Section  10.02,  without  charge to the Holder.  Upon  surrender for
cancellation  of any one or  more  temporary  Securities,  the  Company  and the
Guarantors  shall  execute and the  Trustee  shall  authenticate  and deliver in
exchange  therefor  a like  principal  amount of  definitive  Securities  having
Guarantees  duly  endorsed  thereon  of  authorized   denominations.   Until  so
exchanged,  the  temporary  Securities  shall in all respects be entitled to the
same benefits under this Indenture as definitive Securities.

     Section 3.05 Registration, Registration of Transfer and Exchange.

     The Company  shall cause to be kept at the  Corporate  Trust  Office of the
Trustee a register  (the  register  maintained  in such  office and in any other
office or agency  designated  pursuant to Section  10.02 being herein  sometimes
referred to as the  "Security  Register") in which,  subject to such  reasonable
regulations as it may prescribe,  the Company shall provide for the registration
of Securities and of transfers of Securities.  The Security Register shall be in
written  form or any other form  capable of being  converted  into  written form
within a reasonable time. At all reasonable  times, the Security  Register shall
be open to inspection by the Trustee.  The Trustee is hereby initially appointed
as  "Registrar"  for the purpose of  registering  Securities  and  transfers  of
Securities as herein provided.

     Upon surrender for  registration  of transfer of any Security at the office
or agency of the Company  designated  pursuant to Section 10.02, the Company and
the Guarantors shall execute, and the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver, in
the name of the designated transferee or transferees, one or more new Securities
having duly executed Guarantees endorsed thereon of any authorized  denomination
or denominations of a like aggregate principal amount.

     At the  option  of  the  Holder,  Securities  may be  exchanged  for  other
Securities of any  authorized  denomination  and of a like  aggregate  principal
amount,  upon  surrender  of the  Securities  to be  exchanged at such office or
agency.  Whenever any Securities are so surrendered  for exchange  (including an
exchange  of Initial  Securities  and any  Additional  Securities  for  Exchange
Securities),  the Company shall execute,  and the Trustee shall authenticate and
deliver,  the  Securities  which the Holder  making the  exchange is entitled to
receive;  provided  that no exchange  of Initial  Securities  or any  Additional
Securities  for  Exchange   Securities  shall  occur  until  an  Exchange  Offer
Registration  Statement shall have been declared effective by the

                                       20
<PAGE>
Commission and that the Initial  Securities and any Additional  Securities to be
exchanged for the Exchange Securities shall be cancelled by the Trustee.

     All Securities and Guarantees  issued upon any  registration of transfer or
exchange of  Securities  shall be the valid  obligations  of the Company and the
Guarantors,  evidencing  the same debt,  and entitled to the same benefits under
this  Indenture,   as  the  Securities  and  Guarantees  surrendered  upon  such
registration of transfer or exchange.

     Every Security presented or surrendered for registration of transfer or for
exchange  shall  (if so  required  by the  Company  or the  Registrar)  be  duly
endorsed,  or be  accompanied  by a  written  instrument  of  transfer,  in form
satisfactory  to the  Company  and the  Registrar,  duly  executed by the Holder
thereof or his attorney duly authorized in writing.

     No  service  charge  shall  be made for any  registration  of  transfer  or
exchange or redemption of Securities,  but the Company may require  payment of a
sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed
in connection with any registration of transfer or exchange of Securities, other
than  exchanges  pursuant  to  Section  3.04,  9.06 or 11.08 not  involving  any
transfer.

     The Company shall not be required (i) to issue, register the transfer of or
exchange  any Security  during a period  beginning at the opening of business 15
days before the selection of  Securities to be redeemed  under Section 11.04 and
ending at the  close of  business  on the day of such  mailing  of the  relevant
notice of  redemption,  or (ii) to register  the  transfer  of or  exchange  any
Security so selected for  redemption in whole or in part,  except the unredeemed
portion of any Security being redeemed in part.

     Notwithstanding  anything to the  contrary  contained  herein,  the Trustee
shall have no duty whatsoever to monitor Federal or State  securities laws other
than to collect the certificates required herein.

     Section 3.06 Book-Entry Provisions for Restricted Global Security.

     (a) Any Global  Security  initially  shall (i) be registered in the name of
Cede & Co., as nominee of the  Depositary,  (ii) be deposited with, or on behalf
of, the Depositary or with the Trustee,  as custodian for such  Depositary,  and
(iii) bear legends as set forth in Section 2.02.

     The Depositary or its nominee shall be the Holder of the Global Securities,
and owners of beneficial  interests in the Securities  represented by the Global
Securities shall hold such interests pursuant to the procedures and practices of
the  Depositary.  Any such owner's  beneficial  ownership of any such Securities
will be shown only on, and the  transfer  of such  ownership  interest  shall be
effected only  through,  records  maintained  by the  Depositary or its nominee.
Investors in any Regulation S Global  Security may hold their  interests in such
Regulation  S Global  Security  through  Euroclear or  Clearstream,  if they are
participants  in such systems,  or indirectly  through  organizations  which are
participants in such systems.  After the expiration of the applicable Restricted
Period (but not earlier), investors in any Regulation S Global Security may also
hold such interests  through  organizations  other than Euroclear or Clearstream
that are participants in the Depositary's system. Euroclear and Clearstream will
hold  interests  in such  Regulation  S  Global  Security  on  behalf  of  their
participants through customers' securities

                                       21
<PAGE>
accounts  in  their   respective   names  on  the  books  of  their   respective
depositaries,  which,  in turn,  will hold such  interests in such  Regulation S
Global Security in customer's  securities accounts in the depositaries' names on
the books of the Depositary. All interests in a Global Security, including those
held through  Euroclear or  Clearstream,  may be subject to the  procedures  and
requirements  of the  Depositary.  Those  interests  held through  Euroclear and
Clearstream  will be subject to the procedures and  requirements of such system.
As used herein, the term "Restricted  Period" means the period of 40 consecutive
days  beginning on and including the first day after the later of (i) the day on
which the  Securities are first offered to persons other than  distributors  (as
defined in Regulation S), if applicable, and (ii) the original issue date of the
Securities.

     (b) Transfers of any Global  Security shall be limited to transfers of such
Global Security in whole, but not in part, to the Depositary,  its successors or
their respective nominees. Interests of beneficial owners in any Global Security
may be transferred in accordance with the rules and procedures of the Depositary
and the provisions of Section 3.07.

     Unless (i) the  Depositary  notifies  the Company  that it is  unwilling or
unable  to  continue  as  depositary  for a Global  Security  or  ceases to be a
"Clearing  Agency"  registered  under the Exchange Act or announces an intention
permanently to cease  business or does in fact do so and a successor  Depositary
is not appointed by the Company within 90 days of such notice,  (ii) an Event of
Default has occurred  and is  continuing  with  respect to a Global  Security or
(iii) Company determines that the Global Securities (in whole or in part) should
be exchanged  for  definitive  Securities;  provided  that (x) such  exchange is
required by (A) any applicable law or (B) any event beyond the Company's control
or (y) payments of interest on any Global Security,  or beneficial interest are,
of would become,  subject to any deduction or withholding  for taxes,  owners of
beneficial  interests  in a Global  Security  will not be  entitled  to have any
portions of such Global Security  registered in their names, will not receive or
be entitled to receive  physical  delivery of Securities in definitive  form and
will not be considered the owners or holders of the Global Security.

     (c)  Securities  issued in  exchange  for a Global  Security or any portion
thereof pursuant to the last sentence of subsection (b) of this Section shall be
issued in definitive,  fully registered form,  without interest  coupons,  shall
have an  aggregate  principal  amount  equal to that of such Global  Security or
portion thereof to be so exchanged,  shall be registered in such names and be in
such authorized  denominations  as the Depositary shall designate and shall bear
any legends  required  hereunder.  Any Global  Security to be exchanged in whole
shall be surrendered by the Depositary to the Trustee, as Registrar. With regard
to any Global  Security to be  exchanged  in part,  either such Global  Security
shall be so  surrendered  for exchange or, if the Trustee is acting as custodian
for the  Depositary  or its nominee  with respect to such Global  Security,  the
principal  amount  thereof  shall be reduced,  by an amount equal to the portion
thereof to be so exchanged,  by means of an appropriate  adjustment  made on the
records of the Trustee. Upon any such surrender or adjustment, the Trustee shall
authenticate  and make  available  for delivery  the  Security  issuable on such
exchange to or upon the order of the Depositary or an authorized  representative
thereof.  In the event of the  occurrence of any of the events  specified in the
last sentence of subsection  (b) of this Section 3.06, the Company will promptly
make available to the Trustee a reasonable supply of certificated  Securities in
definitive form.

                                       22
<PAGE>

     (d) Except as otherwise set forth in this  Indenture or a Global  Security,
owners of beneficial  interests in the Securities evidenced by a Global Security
will not be entitled to any rights  under this  Indenture  with  respect to such
Global  Security,  and the  Depositary  or its  nominee  may be  treated  by the
Company,  the  Trustee  and any agent of the Company or the Trustee as the owner
and Holder of such Global Security for all purposes whatsoever.  Notwithstanding
the foregoing, nothing herein shall prevent the Company, the Trustee or any such
agent  from  giving  effect  to  any  written  certification,   proxy  or  other
authorization  furnished by the Depositary or its nominee or impair,  as between
the  Depositary  or its  nominee and such owners of  beneficial  interests,  the
operation of  customary  practices  governing  the exercise of the rights of the
Depositary or its nominee as Holder of any Security.

     Section 3.07 Special Transfer Provisions.

     Unless  and  until  (i) an  Initial  Security  is sold  under an  effective
Registration Statement, or (ii) an Initial Security is exchanged for an Exchange
Security in connection with an effective Registration  Statement,  the following
provisions shall apply:

     (a) Restricted Global Security to Regulation S Global Security.  If, at any
         ----------------------------------------------------------
time,  an  owner  of a  beneficial  interest  in a  Restricted  Global  Security
deposited with the  Depositary (or the Trustee as custodian for the  Depositary)
wishes to transfer its interest in such  Restricted  Global Security to a Person
who is required or permitted to take delivery thereof in the form of an interest
in a Regulation S Global Security,  such owner shall,  subject to the Applicable
Procedures,  exchange or cause the exchange of such  interest for an  equivalent
beneficial  interest  in a  Regulation  S Global  Security  as  provided in this
Section  3.07(a).  Upon  receipt  by the  Trustee of (1)  instructions  given in
accordance  with the Applicable  Procedures  from an Agent Member  directing the
Trustee  to  credit  or  cause  to be  credited  a  beneficial  interest  in the
Regulation S Global  Security in an amount equal to the  beneficial  interest in
the applicable  Restricted Global Security to be exchanged,  (2) a written order
given  in  accordance  with the  Applicable  Procedures  containing  information
regarding  the  participant  account  of the  Depositary  and the  Euroclear  or
Clearstream account (if applicable) to be credited with such increase, and (3) a
certificate  substantially in the form of Exhibit B hereto given by the owner of
such  beneficial  interest,  the  Trustee,  as  Registrar,  shall  instruct  the
Depositary  to reduce or cause to be reduced the aggregate  principal  amount of
the  applicable  Restricted  Global  Security  and to  increase  or  cause to be
increased the aggregate  principal amount of the applicable  Regulation S Global
Security by the principal  amount of the  beneficial  interest in the Restricted
Global  Security  to be  exchanged,  to  credit or cause to be  credited  to the
account of the Person  specified in such  instructions a beneficial  interest in
the  Regulation  S Global  Security  equal  to the  reduction  in the  aggregate
principal amount of the applicable Restricted Global Security,  and to debit, or
cause to be  debited,  from the account of the Person  making  such  exchange or
transfer the beneficial interest in the Restricted Global Security that is being
exchanged or transferred.

     (b) Regulation S Global Security to Restricted Global Security.  If, at any
         ----------------------------------------------------------
time,  an owner of a  beneficial  interest  in a  Regulation  S Global  Security
deposited  with  the  Depositary  or  with  the  Trustee  as  custodian  for the
Depositary  wishes to transfer its interest in such Regulation S Global Security
to a Person who is required or permitted to

                                       23
<PAGE>
take  delivery  thereof  in the  form  of an  interest  in a  Restricted  Global
Security,  such owner shall, subject to the Applicable  Procedures,  exchange or
cause the exchange of such interest for an equivalent  beneficial  interest in a
Restricted Global Security, as provided in this Section 3.07(b). Upon receipt by
the  Trustee  of (1)  instructions  given  in  accordance  with  the  Applicable
Procedures from an Agent Member,  directing the Trustee, as Registrar, to credit
or cause to be credited a beneficial  interest in the Restricted Global Security
equal to the  beneficial  interest  in the  Regulation  S Global  Security to be
exchanged,  (2)  a  written  order  given  in  accordance  with  the  Applicable
Procedures  containing  information  regarding  the  participant  account of the
Depositary  to be  credited  with  such  increase  and (3) if such  transfer  is
requested prior to the expiration of the Restricted Period, a certificate in the
form of  Exhibit  C  attached  hereto  given  by the  owner  of such  beneficial
interest, the Trustee, as Registrar,  shall instruct the Depositary to reduce or
cause to be reduced the aggregate  principal  amount of such Regulation S Global
Security and to increase or cause to be increased the aggregate principal amount
of the  applicable  Restricted  Global  Security by the principal  amount of the
beneficial interest in the Regulation S Global Security to be exchanged, and the
Trustee,  as Registrar,  shall instruct the Depositary,  concurrently  with such
reduction,  to credit  or cause to be  credited  to the  account  of the  Person
specified  in  such  instructions  a  beneficial   interest  in  the  applicable
Restricted  Global  Security  equal to the reduction in the aggregate  principal
amount of such  Regulation S Global Security and to debit or cause to be debited
from the account of the Person making such transfer the  beneficial  interest in
the Regulation S Global Security that is being transferred. After the expiration
of the Restricted Period, the certificate described in clause (3) above shall no
longer be required to effect transfers pursuant to this Section 3.07(b).

     (c) Transfers of U.S. Physical Securities for Restricted Global Security or
         -----------------------------------------------------------------------
Regulation S Global Security.  If the holder of a U.S.  Physical Security wishes
----------------------------
at any time to transfer  such holder's  U.S.  Physical  Security to a Person who
wishes to take  delivery  thereof in the form of a  beneficial  interest  in the
Regulation S Global Security or the Restricted  Global  Security,  such transfer
may be effected,  subject to the Applicable Procedures,  only in accordance with
the  provisions  of this  Section  3.07(c).  Upon  receipt by the Trustee of (1)
instructions  given in accordance  with the Applicable  Procedures from an Agent
Member  directing  the  Trustee to credit or cause to be  credited a  beneficial
interest in the Regulation S Global Security or Restricted  Global Security,  as
the case  may be,  in a  principal  amount  equal  to that of the U.S.  Physical
Securities to be so  transferred,  (2) a written order given in accordance  with
the  Applicable  Procedures  containing  information  regarding the  participant
account  of the  Depositary  (and  the  Euroclear  or  Clearstream  account,  as
applicable) to be credited with such  beneficial  interest and (3) a certificate
in  substantially  the form set forth in  Exhibit D, given by the holder of such
U.S. Physical Security,  the Trustee, as Security Registrar,  shall instruct the
Depositary to increase the principal  amount of the Regulation S Global Security
or the Restricted  Global Security,  as the case may be, by the principal amount
of the U.S. Physical Security to be so transferred, and to cancel or cause to be
canceled such U.S. Physical Security.

     (d) Restricted  Global Security or U.S.  Physical  Security to Regulation S
         -----------------------------------------------------------------------
Global  Security  After Two Years.  If the holder of a beneficial  interest in a
---------------------------------
Restricted

                                       24
<PAGE>
Global  Security or U.S.  Physical  Security wishes at any time after the second
anniversary  of the date of original  issuance of the Securities to (A) transfer
such interest to a Person who wishes to take  delivery  thereof in the form of a
beneficial  interest in the Regulation S Global Security or (B) to exchange such
interest for a  beneficial  interest in a  Regulation  S Global  Security,  such
transfer or exchange may be effected, subject to the Applicable Procedures, only
in accordance with this Section  3.07(d).  Upon receipt by the Trustee of (1) in
the case of a transfer  or exchange  of an  interest  in the  Restricted  Global
Security or a U.S. Physical Security,  instructions given in accordance with the
Applicable  Procedures  from an Agent Member  directing the Trustee to credit or
cause  to be  credited  to a  beneficial  interest  in the  Regulation  S Global
Security in an amount equal to that the  beneficial  interest in the  Restricted
Global Security to be so transferred or exchanged,  (2) a written order given in
accordance with the Applicable Procedures  containing  information regarding the
participant  account of the  Depositary  (and, if  applicable,  the Euroclear or
Clearstream  account,  as the case may be) to be credited  with such  beneficial
interest  and (3) a  certificate  substantially  in the form of Exhibit E hereto
given by the holder of such  beneficial  interest,  the Trustee,  as  Registrar,
shall (i) in the case of a transfer or exchange of an interest in the Restricted
Global  Security,  instruct the Depositary to reduce the principal amount of the
Restricted  Global  Security,  and  to  increase  the  principal  amount  of the
Regulation S Global Security, by the principal amount of the beneficial interest
in the Restricted  Global  Security to be so  transferred  or exchanged,  and to
credit or cause to be credited to the  account of the Person  specified  in such
instructions a beneficial  interest in the Regulation S Global Security having a
principal  amount  equal to the  amount  by which  the  principal  amount of the
Restricted Global Security was reduced upon such transfer or exchange or (ii) in
the case of a transfer or exchange of a U.S. Physical Security, cancel such U.S.
Physical  Security and increase the principal  amount of the Regulation S Global
Security accordingly.

     (e) Private Placement Legend. Upon the transfer, exchange or replacement of
         ------------------------
Securities not bearing the Private Placement Legend, the Registrar shall deliver
Securities  that do not bear the Private  Placement  Legend.  Upon the transfer,
exchange or replacement of Securities  bearing the Private Placement Legend, the
Registrar shall deliver only Securities that bear the Private  Placement  Legend
unless  either (i) the  circumstances  contemplated  by  clauses  (i) or (ii) of
Section 2.02 exist and the Company directs the Trustee  pursuant to an Officers'
Certificate to remove such legend or (ii) there is delivered to the Registrar an
Opinion of Counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Company and the Trustee to the
effect that  neither  such legend nor the related  restrictions  on transfer are
required in order to maintain  compliance  with the provisions of the Securities
Act.

     (f)  General.  By  its  acceptance  of any  Security  bearing  the  Private
          -------
Placement Legend,  each Holder of such a Security  acknowledges the restrictions
on  transfer of such  Security  set forth in this  Indenture  and in the Private
Placement Legend and agrees that it will transfer such Security only as provided
in this Indenture.

     The  Registrar  shall  retain as  required  by law  copies of all  letters,
notices and other written  communications  received  pursuant to Section 3.06 or
this Section  3.07.  The Company shall have

                                       25
<PAGE>
the right to  inspect  and make  copies of all such  letters,  notices  or other
written  communications  at any  reasonable  time upon the giving of  reasonable
written notice to the Registrar.

     Section 3.08 Mutilated, Destroyed, Lost and Stolen Securities.

     If any mutilated  Security is surrendered  to the Trustee,  the Company and
the Guarantor  shall execute and the Trustee shall  authenticate  and deliver in
exchange  therefor a new  Security  having a duly  executed  Guarantee  endorsed
thereon,   of  like  tenor  and  principal  amount  and  bearing  a  number  not
contemporaneously outstanding.

     If there shall be delivered to the Company,  the  Guarantor and the Trustee
(1)  evidence to their  satisfaction  of the  destruction,  loss or theft of any
Security  and (2) such  security or indemnity as may be required by them to save
each of them and any agent of either of them  harmless,  then, in the absence of
written  notice to the Company,  the Guarantor or the Trustee that such Security
has been acquired by a bona fide purchaser,  the Company and the Guarantor shall
execute and the Trustee  shall  authenticate  and  deliver,  in lieu of any such
destroyed,  lost or  stolen  Security,  a new  Security  having a duly  executed
Guarantee  endorsed  thereon,  of like tenor and principal  amount and bearing a
number not contemporaneously outstanding.

     In case any such mutilated,  destroyed,  lost or stolen Security has become
or is about to become  due and  payable,  the  Company  in its  discretion  may,
instead of issuing a new Security, pay such Security.

     Upon the issuance of any new Security  under this Section,  the Company may
require the payment of a sum  sufficient to cover any tax or other  governmental
charge that may be imposed in relation thereto and any other expenses (including
the fees and expenses of the Trustee) connected therewith.

     Every new Security, and the Guarantee endorsed thereon,  issued pursuant to
this Section in lieu of any mutilated,  destroyed, lost or stolen Security shall
constitute an original additional contractual obligation of the Company, whether
or not the mutilated,  destroyed,  lost or stolen  Security shall be at any time
enforceable  by anyone,  and shall be entitled to all benefits of this Indenture
equally  and  proportionately  with  any  and  all  other  Securities,  and  the
Guarantees endorsed thereon, duly issued hereunder.

     The  provisions of this Section are  exclusive  and shall  preclude (to the
extent lawful) all other rights and remedies with respect to the  replacement or
payment of mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Securities.

     Section 3.09 Payment of Interest and Certain Additional Amounts;  Rights to
Interest and Certain Additional Amounts Preserved.

     Interest on and any  Additional  Amounts with respect to any Security which
is payable, and is punctually paid or duly provided for, on any Interest Payment
Date  shall be paid to the Person in whose  name such  Security  (or one or more
Predecessor  Securities)  is  registered at the close of business on the Regular
Record Date for such interest at the office or agency of the Company in the City
of New York and, if the Securities are still  registered on the Luxembourg Stock
Exchange and the rules of such exchange so require, in Luxembourg,  in each case

                                       26
<PAGE>
maintained for such purposes (which initially shall be the office of the Trustee
located at SunTrust  Bank,  c/o  Computershare  Trust Company of New York,  Wall
Street  Plaza,  88 Pine  Street,  19th Floor,  New York,  New York 10005 and the
office of the Luxembourg Paying Agent,  located at Banque Generale du Luxembourg
S.A., 50 Avenue J.F. Kennedy,  L-2951 Luxembourg)  pursuant to Section 10.02 or,
at the  option  of the  Company,  interest  may be paid by check  mailed  to the
address of the Person entitled  thereto pursuant to 3.10 as such address appears
in the Security Register; provided that all payments with respect to Securities,
the Holders of which have given wire  transfer  instructions  to the Trustee (or
other Paying  Agent) by the Regular  Record Date shall be required to be made by
wire transfer of immediately  available  funds to the accounts  specified by the
Holders thereof.

     Any  interest on and any  Additional  Amounts  with respect to any Security
which is  payable,  but is not  punctually  paid or duly  provided  for,  on any
Interest  Payment Date shall  forthwith cease to be payable to the Holder on the
Regular  Record Date by virtue of having been such  Holder,  and such  defaulted
interest and (to the extent lawful)  interest on such defaulted  interest at the
rate borne by the  Securities  (such  defaulted  interest and  interest  thereon
herein collectively called "Defaulted  Interest") may be paid by the Company, at
its election in each case, as provided in clause (a) or (b) below:

          (a) The Company may elect to make payment of any Defaulted Interest to
     the Persons in whose names the Securities (or their respective  Predecessor
     Securities)  are  registered  at the close of business on a Special  Record
     Date for the payment of such  Defaulted  Interest,  which shall be fixed in
     the  following  manner.  The Company shall notify the Trustee in writing of
     the amount of Defaulted  Interest  proposed to be paid on each Security and
     the date of the proposed  payment,  and at the same time the Company  shall
     deposit with the Trustee an amount of money equal to the  aggregate  amount
     proposed  to be paid in respect of such  Defaulted  Interest  or shall make
     arrangements satisfactory to the Trustee for such deposit prior to the date
     of the proposed payment,  such money when deposited to be held in trust for
     the benefit of the Persons  entitled to such Defaulted  Interest as in this
     clause provided.  Thereupon the Trustee shall fix a Special Record Date for
     the payment of such Defaulted Interest which shall be not more than 15 days
     and not less than 10 days prior to the date of the proposed payment and not
     less than 10 days  after the  receipt  by the  Trustee of the notice of the
     proposed  payment.  The Trustee shall  promptly  notify the Company of such
     Special  Record  Date,  and in the name and at the expense of the  Company,
     shall cause notice of the proposed  payment of such Defaulted  Interest and
     the Special Record Date therefor to be given in the manner  provided for in
     Section  1.06,  not less than 10 days prior to such  Special  Record  Date.
     Notice of the proposed  payment of such Defaulted  Interest and the Special
     Record Date therefor having been so given, such Defaulted Interest shall be
     paid to the  Persons in whose  names the  Securities  (or their  respective
     Predecessor  Securities)  are  registered  at the close of business on such
     Special  Record  Date and  shall  no  longer  be  payable  pursuant  to the
     following  clause (b).

          (b) The  Company  may make  payment of any  Defaulted  Interest in any
     other  lawful  manner  not  inconsistent   with  the  requirements  of  any
     securities  exchange on which the Securities  may be listed,  and upon such
     notice as may be required by such  exchange,  if, after notice given by the
     Company to the Trustee of the  proposed  payment

                                       27
<PAGE>
     pursuant to this clause, such manner of payment shall be deemed practicable
     by the Trustee.

     Subject  to  the  foregoing  provisions  of  this  Section,  each  Security
delivered  under this Indenture upon  registration of transfer of or in exchange
for or in lieu of any other  Security shall carry the rights to interest and any
Additional Amounts accrued and unpaid, and to accrue, which were carried by such
other Security.

     If the Company shall be required to pay any additional interest pursuant to
the terms of the Registration  Rights  Agreement,  it shall deliver an Officers'
Certificate  to the Trustee  setting  forth the new interest rate and the period
for which such rate is applicable.

     Section 3.10 Persons Deemed Owners.

     Prior to the due  presentment of a Security for  registration  of transfer,
the Company,  each  Guarantor,  the Trustee and any agent of the  Company,  such
Guarantor  or the  Trustee  may treat the Person in whose name such  Security is
registered as the owner of such Security for the purpose of receiving payment of
principal of, and (subject to Sections 3.05 and 3.09), interest on such Security
and for all other purposes whatsoever,  whether or not such Security be overdue,
and  none of the  Company,  the  Guarantors,  the  Trustee  or any  agent of the
Company,  such  Guarantor  or the  Trustee  shall be  affected  by notice to the
contrary.

     Section 3.11 Cancellation.

     All  Securities  surrendered  for  payment,  redemption,   registration  of
transfer or exchange shall, if surrendered to any Person other than the Trustee,
be delivered  to the Trustee and shall be promptly  cancelled by it. The Company
may at  any  time  deliver  to  the  Trustee  for  cancellation  any  Securities
previously  authenticated  and  delivered  hereunder  which the Company may have
acquired  in any manner  whatsoever,  and may  deliver to the Trustee (or to any
other  Person for  delivery to the  Trustee)  for  cancellation  any  Securities
previously  authenticated  hereunder  which the Company has not issued and sold,
and all Securities so delivered shall be promptly  cancelled by the Trustee.  No
Securities  shall be  authenticated in lieu of or in exchange for any Securities
cancelled as provided in this  Section,  except as  expressly  permitted by this
Indenture.  All cancelled Securities held by the Trustee shall be disposed of by
the Trustee in accordance with its customary procedures.

     Section 3.12 CUSIP and CINS Numbers.

     The Company in issuing the  Securities  may use "CUSIP" and "CINS"  numbers
(if then  generally in use) and, if so, the Trustee shall use "CUSIP" and "CINS"
numbers in notices of redemption as a convenience to Holders;  provided that any
such notice may state that no  representation  is made as to the  correctness of
such numbers  either as printed on the  Securities or as contained in any notice
of a redemption and that reliance may be placed only on the other identification
numbers printed on the Securities, and any such redemption shall not be affected
by any defect in or omission of such numbers in such notices of redemption.

                                       28
<PAGE>

     Section 3.13 Computation of Interest.

     Interest on the Securities shall be computed on the basis of a 360-day year
consisting of twelve 30-day months.

                                   ARTICLE IV
                           SATISFACTION AND DISCHARGE

     Section 4.01 Satisfaction and Discharge of Indenture.

     This  Indenture  shall upon Company  Request cease to be of further  effect
(except as to surviving  rights of  registration  of transfer or exchange of the
Securities, as expressly provided for herein or pursuant hereto and any right to
receive  Additional  Amounts)  and the  Trustee,  at the expense of the Company,
shall execute proper  instruments  acknowledging  satisfaction  and discharge of
this Indenture when

          (a) either

               (i) all the Securities  theretofore  authenticated  and delivered
          (other than mutilated,  destroyed, lost or stolen Securities that have
          been replaced or paid as provided in Section 3.08 and Securities  that
          have been subject to defeasance under Article XII) have been delivered
          to the Trustee for cancellation; or

               (ii) all Securities not theretofore  delivered to the Trustee for
          cancellation

                    (A)  have become due and payable,

                    (B)  will become due and payable at Stated  Maturity  within
                         one year, or

                    (C)  are to be called for  redemption  within one year under
                         arrangements satisfactory to the Trustee for the giving
                         of notice of redemption by the Trustee in the name, and
                         at the expense, of the Company,

          and the Company or the Guarantors,  as the case may be, in the case of
          (A),  (B) or (C)  above,  has  irrevocably  deposited  or caused to be
          deposited with the Trustee funds in trust for the purpose in an amount
          sufficient  to pay  and  discharge  the  entire  indebtedness  on such
          Securities not theretofore  delivered to the Trustee for cancellation,
          for  principal  of and interest  on, and any  Additional  Amounts with
          respect to, the Securities to the date of such deposit (in the case of
          Securities that have become due and payable) or to the Stated Maturity
          or  Redemption  Date, as the case may be,  together  with  irrevocable
          instructions  directing  the Trustee to apply the funds to the payment
          of the  Securities at the Stated  Maturity or Redemption  Date, as the
          case may be;

                                       29
<PAGE>

          (b) the  Company  or the  Guarantors,  as the case may be, has paid or
     caused to be paid all sums payable hereunder by the Company; and

          (c) the Company or the  Guarantors,  as the case may be, has delivered
     to the Trustee an  Officers'  Certificate  and an Opinion of Counsel,  each
     stating that all conditions  precedent  herein provided for relating to the
     satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture have been complied with.

     Notwithstanding  the  satisfaction  and  discharge of this  Indenture,  the
obligations of the Company to the Trustee under Section 6.07and,  if money shall
have been deposited with the Trustee pursuant to subclause (ii) of clause (a) of
this  Section,  the  obligations  of the Trustee under Section 4.02 and the last
paragraph of Section 10.03 shall survive.

     Section 4.02 Application of Trust Money.

     Subject to the provisions of the last paragraph of Section 10.03, all money
deposited with the Trustee pursuant to Section 4.01 or Article XII shall be held
in trust and applied by it, in accordance  with the provisions of the Securities
and this Indenture,  to the payment, either directly or through any Paying Agent
(including  the  Company  acting as its own  Paying  Agent) as the  Trustee  may
determine, to the Persons entitled thereto, of the principal of and interest and
Additional  Amounts for whose  payment  such money has been  deposited  with the
Trustee;  but such money need not be  segregated  from other funds except to the
extent required by law.

                                   ARTICLE V
                                    REMEDIES

     Section 5.01 Events of Default.

     "Event of Default",  wherever  used herein,  means any one of the following
events  (whatever  the reason for such Event of Default  and whether it shall be
voluntary or  involuntary  or be effected by operation of law or pursuant to any
judgment,  decree or order of any court or any order,  rule or regulation of any
administrative or governmental body):

          (a)  default  in the  payment  of any  interest  on or any  Additional
     Amounts payable in respect of any Security when it becomes due and payable,
     and continuance of such default for a period of 30 days;

          (b) default in the payment of the principal of any Security when due;

          (c)  default in the  observance  or  performance,  or  breach,  of any
     covenant or  agreement  of the Company or any  Guarantor  contained in this
     Indenture  (other  than as  contemplated  by clauses (a) and (b) above) and
     continuance of such default or breach for a period of 60 days after written
     notice  has been  given (x) to the  Company  by the  Trustee  or (y) to the
     Company  and the  Trustee  by the  Holders  of at  least  25% in  aggregate
     principal amount of the Securities then Outstanding specifying such default
     or breach,

                                       30
<PAGE>
     requiring  it to be remedied  and stating  that such notice is a "Notice of
     Default" hereunder;

          (d) the entry by a court having  jurisdiction in the premises of (i) a
     decree or order for relief in respect of the Company or any  Guarantor,  as
     the case may be, in an involuntary  case or proceeding under any applicable
     United  States  federal  or  state  or  English   bankruptcy,   insolvency,
     reorganization or other similar law or (ii) a decree or order adjudging the
     Company or any Guarantor,  as the case may be, a bankrupt or insolvent,  or
     approving as properly filed a petition seeking reorganization, arrangement,
     adjustment  or  composition  of  or in  respect  of  the  Company  or  such
     Guarantor,  as the case may be, under any applicable  United States federal
     or  state  law  or  English  law,  or  appointing  a  custodian,  receiver,
     liquidator,  assignee,  trustee,  sequestrator or other similar official of
     the  Company or any  Guarantor,  as the case may be, or of any  substantial
     part of its  property,  or ordering  the winding up or  liquidation  of its
     affairs,  and the continuance of any such decree or order for relief or any
     such  other  decree  or order  unstayed  and in  effect  for a period of 60
     consecutive days; provided that, with respect to any Guarantor, such events
     referred to in clauses (i) or (ii) have had or could reasonably be expected
     to  have  a  material  adverse  effect  on  the  condition   (financial  or
     otherwise),  earnings,  business  or  prospects  of  the  Company  and  its
     Subsidiaries taken as a whole; or

          (e) the commencement by the Company or any Guarantor,  as the case may
     be, of a voluntary case or proceeding  under any  applicable  United States
     federal or state or English bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or other
     similar law or of any other case or proceeding to be adjudicated a bankrupt
     or  insolvent,  or the  consent by it to the entry of a decree or order for
     relief in respect of the Company or any  Guarantor,  as the case may be, in
     an  involuntary  case or  proceeding  under any  applicable  United  States
     federal or state or English bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or other
     similar law or to the  commencement of any bankruptcy or insolvency case or
     proceeding  against  it,  or the  filing by it of a  petition  or answer or
     consent seeking reorganization or relief under any applicable United States
     federal or state law or English  law, or the consent by it to the filing of
     such petition or to the appointment of or taking possession by a custodian,
     receiver,  liquidator,  assignee,  trustee,  sequestrator  or other similar
     official  of the  Company or any  Guarantor,  as the case may be, or of any
     substantial part of its property,  or the making by it of an assignment for
     the  benefit  of  creditors,  or  the  admission  by it in  writing  of its
     inability  to pay its debts  generally as they become due, or the taking of
     corporate  action by the Company or any  Guarantor,  as the case may be, in
     furtherance  of any  such  action;  provided,  that,  with  respect  to any
     Guarantor,  such events have had or could  reasonably be expected to have a
     material  adverse  effect  on  the  condition   (financial  or  otherwise),
     earnings,  business or prospects of the Company and its Subsidiaries  taken
     as a whole.

     Section 5.02 Acceleration of Maturity; Rescission and Annulment.

     If an Event of Default (other than as specified in Section  5.01(d) or (e))
occurs and is  continuing,  the  Trustee or the  Holders of not less than 25% in
aggregate  principal  amount of the  Securities  then  Outstanding  may, and the
Trustee at the  request of such  Holders  shall,  declare the  principal  of and
accrued and unpaid  interest on, all of the Outstanding  Securities  immediately

                                       31
<PAGE>
due and  payable by a notice in writing to the  Company  (and to the  Trustee if
given by the  Holders)  and,  upon any such  declaration,  all such amounts will
become due and payable immediately.  If an Event of Default specified in Section
5.01(d) or (e) above occurs and is continuing,  then the principal amount of all
of the Securities  Outstanding shall automatically become and be immediately due
and payable  without any  declaration or other act on the part of the Trustee or
any Holder of Securities.

     At any time after a declaration  of  acceleration  and before a judgment or
decree  for  payment  of the money due has been  obtained  by the  Trustee,  the
Holders  of  a  majority  in  aggregate  principal  amount  of  the  Outstanding
Securities,  by written notice to the Company and the Trustee,  may rescind such
declaration and its consequences if:

          (a) the  Company  or any  Guarantor  has  paid or  deposited  with the
     Trustee a sum sufficient to pay,

               (i) all overdue  interest on and Additional  Amounts with respect
          to all Securities,

               (ii) all principal of any Outstanding  Securities that has become
          due  other  than by such  declaration  of  acceleration  and  interest
          thereon at the rate borne by the Securities and any Additional Amounts
          payable with respect thereto,

               (iii) to the  extent  that  payment of such  interest  is lawful,
          interest  on overdue  interest,  any  Additional  Amounts  and overdue
          principal at the rate borne by the Securities, and

               (iv) all sums paid or advanced by the Trustee  hereunder  and the
          reasonable compensation,  expenses,  disbursements and advances of the
          Trustee, its agents and counsel; and

          (b) all Events of Default,  other than the  non-payment  of amounts of
     principal of or interest on and any Additional  Amounts with respect to the
     Securities that have become due solely by such declaration of acceleration,
     have been cured or waived as provided in Section 5.13.

No such  rescission  shall  affect  any  subsequent  Default or impair any right
consequent thereon.

     Section  5.03  Collection  of  Indebtedness  and Suits for  Enforcement  by
Trustee.

     The Company and each of the Guarantor covenants that if:

          (a)  default is made in the payment of any  interest on or  Additional
     Amounts  with  respect to any  Security  when such  interest or  Additional
     Amounts shall have become due and payable and such default  continues for a
     period of 30 days, or

          (b) default is made in the payment of the principal of any Security at
     the Maturity thereof,

                                       32
<PAGE>

the Company and each  Guarantor  will,  upon demand of the  Trustee,  pay to the
Trustee for the benefit of the Holders of such Securities, the whole amount then
due and  payable on such  Securities  for  principal,  interest  and  Additional
Amounts,  and interest on any overdue  principal and, to the extent that payment
of such interest shall be legally  enforceable,  upon any overdue installment of
interest and Additional  Amounts,  at the rate borne by the Securities,  and, in
addition thereto,  such further amount as shall be sufficient to cover the costs
and expenses of  collection,  including the reasonable  compensation,  expenses,
disbursements and advances of the Trustee, its agents and counsel.

     If the  Company  or any  Guarantor,  as the case may be,  fails to pay such
amounts forthwith upon such demand,  the Trustee,  in its own name as trustee of
an express trust, may institute a judicial  proceeding for the collection of the
sums so due and  unpaid,  may  prosecute  such  proceeding  to judgment or final
decree and may enforce the same against the Company, such Guarantor or any other
obligor  upon the  Securities  and collect the moneys  adjudged or decreed to be
payable in the manner  provided by law out of the property of the Company,  such
Guarantor or any other obligor upon the Securities, wherever situated.

     If an Event of Default  occurs and is  continuing,  the  Trustee may in its
discretion  proceed  to  protect  and  enforce  its rights and the rights of the
Holders by such appropriate  judicial proceedings as the Trustee shall deem most
effectual  to protect  and  enforce any such  rights,  whether for the  specific
enforcement  of any  covenant or  agreement  in this  Indenture or in aid of the
exercise of any power granted herein, or to enforce any other proper remedy.

     Nothing in this  Section  shall be  considered  to require  the  Trustee to
institute any judicial proceeding.

     Section 5.04 Trustee May File Proofs of Claim.

     In case  of the  pendency  of any  receivership,  insolvency,  liquidation,
bankruptcy,  reorganization,   arrangement,  adjustment,  composition  or  other
judicial  proceeding  relative  to the  Company  or any other  obligor  upon the
Securities  (including the Guarantors) or the property of the Company or of such
other  obligor or their  creditors,  the  Trustee  (irrespective  of whether the
principal of the Securities  shall then be due and payable as therein  expressed
or by  declaration  or otherwise and  irrespective  of whether the Trustee shall
have made any  demand on the  Company  for the  payment  of  overdue  principal,
interest or Additional Amounts) shall be entitled and empowered, by intervention
in such proceeding or otherwise,

          (a) to file and  prove a claim  for the  whole  amount  of  principal,
     interest  and  Additional  Amounts  owing  and  unpaid  in  respect  of the
     Securities  and to file such other  papers or documents as may be necessary
     or  advisable  in order to have the claims of the  Trustee  (including  any
     claim for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances
     of the Trustee,  its agents and counsel) and of the Holders allowed in such
     judicial proceeding, and

          (b) to collect and receive any moneys or other  securities or property
     payable or deliverable  upon the conversion or exchange of such  securities
     or upon any such claims and to distribute the same;

                                       33
<PAGE>

and any custodian,  receiver,  assignee,  trustee,  liquidator,  sequestrator or
similar  official in any such judicial  proceeding is hereby  authorized by each
Holder to make such  payments to the Trustee  and, in the event that the Trustee
shall consent to the making of such payments directly to the Holders, to pay the
Trustee  any  amount  due  it  for  the   reasonable   compensation,   expenses,
disbursements and advances of the Trustee, its agents and counsel, and any other
amounts due the Trustee under Section 6.07.

     Nothing in this Section  shall be considered to require the Trustee to take
any of the actions described in this Section 5.04.

     Nothing  herein  contained  shall be deemed to  authorize  the  Trustee  to
authorize  or  consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Holder any plan of
reorganization,  arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the Securities
or the rights of any Holder  thereof,  or to  authorize  the  Trustee to vote in
respect of the claim of any Holder in any such proceeding.

     Section 5.05 Trustee May Enforce Claims Without Possession of Securities.

     All rights of action and claims under this  Indenture or the Securities may
be prosecuted  and enforced by the Trustee  without the possession of any of the
Securities or the production thereof in any proceeding relating thereto, and any
such  proceeding  instituted by the Trustee shall be brought in its own name and
as trustee of an express  trust,  and any  recovery  of  judgment  shall,  after
provision   for  the   payment  of  the   reasonable   compensation,   expenses,
disbursements  and advances of the Trustee,  its agents and counsel,  be for the
ratable  benefit  of the  Holders  of the  Securities  in  respect of which such
judgment has been recovered.

     Section 5.06 Application of Money Collected.

     Any money  collected  by the  Trustee  pursuant  to this  Article  shall be
applied in the following  order,  at the date or dates fixed by the Trustee and,
in case of the distribution of such money on account of principal,  interest and
any Additional  Amounts,  upon  presentation  of the Securities and the notation
thereon of the  payment if only  partially  paid and upon  surrender  thereof if
fully paid:

          FIRST:  To the payment of all amounts  due the Trustee  under  Section
     6.07;

          SECOND:  To the  payment  of the  amounts  then  due  and  unpaid  for
     principal of and interest and any  Additional  Amounts on the Securities in
     respect of which or for the benefit of which such money has been collected,
     ratably,  without  preference  or  priority of any kind,  according  to the
     amounts due and payable on such Securities for principal,  interest and any
     Additional Amounts, respectively; and

          THIRD: The balance,  if any, to the Company and/or the Guarantors,  as
     the case may be.

                                       34
<PAGE>

     Section 5.07 Limitation on Suits.

     No  Holder  of any  Securities  shall  have  any  right  to  institute  any
proceeding,  judicial or otherwise,  with respect to this Indenture,  or for the
appointment of a receiver or trustee, or for any other remedy hereunder, unless

          (a) such Holder has previously  given written notice to the Trustee of
     a continuing Event of Default;

          (b) the  Holders  of not less  than  25% in  principal  amount  of the
     Outstanding  Securities  shall have made written  request to the Trustee to
     institute  proceedings  in respect of such Event of Default in its own name
     as Trustee hereunder;

          (c) such  Holder or Holders  have  offered to the  Trustee  reasonable
     indemnity  satisfactory  to the  Trustee  against the costs,  expenses  and
     liabilities  (including  fees and expenses of its agents and counsel) to be
     incurred in compliance with such request;

          (d) the Trustee for 60 days after its receipt of such notice,  request
     and offer of indemnity has failed to institute any such proceeding; and

          (e) no direction inconsistent with such written request has been given
     to the Trustee  during  such 60-day  period by the Holders of a majority or
     more in principal amount of the Outstanding Securities;

it being  understood  and intended  that no one or more  Holders  shall have any
right in any manner  whatever by virtue of, or by availing of, any  provision of
this Indenture to affect,  disturb or prejudice the rights of any other Holders,
or to obtain or to seek to obtain  priority or preference over any other Holders
or to enforce  any right  under  this  Indenture,  except in the  manner  herein
provided and for the equal and ratable benefit of all the Holders.

     Section 5.08 Unconditional Right of Holders to Receive Principal,  Interest
and Additional Amounts.

     Notwithstanding  any other provision in this  Indenture,  the Holder of any
Security shall have the right, which is absolute and  unconditional,  to receive
payment, as provided herein (including, if applicable,  Article XII) and in such
Security of the principal of, and (subject to Section 3.09) interest on, and any
Additional  Amounts  with  respect to such  Security  on the  respective  Stated
Maturities  expressed in such  Security (or, in the case of  redemption,  on the
Redemption  Date) and to institute suit for the enforcement of any such payment,
and such rights shall not be impaired without the consent of such Holder.

     Section 5.09 Restoration of Rights and Remedies.

     If the Trustee or any Holder has  instituted  any proceeding to enforce any
right or remedy under this Indenture and such  proceeding has been  discontinued
or abandoned for any reason, or has been determined  adversely to the Trustee or
to such Holder,  then and in every such case,  subject to any  determination  in
such proceeding,  the Company, the Guarantors, the Trustee and the Holders shall
be restored  severally and respectively to their former positions  hereunder and

                                       35
<PAGE>
thereafter all rights and remedies of the Trustee and the Holders shall continue
as though no such proceeding had been instituted.

     Section 5.10 Rights and Remedies Cumulative.

     Except as otherwise  provided with respect to the replacement or payment of
mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Securities in the last paragraph of Section
3.08, no right or remedy herein  conferred upon or reserved to the Trustee or to
the Holders is intended to be exclusive of any other right or remedy,  and every
right and remedy shall,  to the extent  permitted by law, be  cumulative  and in
addition to every other right and remedy  given  hereunder  or now or  hereafter
existing at law or in equity or  otherwise.  The  assertion or employment of any
right or remedy  hereunder,  or  otherwise,  shall not  prevent  the  concurrent
assertion or employment of any other appropriate right or remedy.

     Section 5.11 Delay or Omission Not Waiver.

     No delay or  omission  of the  Trustee or of any Holder of any  Security to
exercise any right or remedy accruing upon any Event of Default shall impair any
such right or remedy or  constitute  a waiver of any such Event of Default or an
acquiescence therein.  Every right and remedy given by this Article or by law to
the Trustee or to the Holders may be exercised  from time to time,  and as often
as may be deemed  expedient,  by the Trustee or by the Holders,  as the case may
be.

     Section 5.12 Control by Holders.

     The  Holders  of not  less  than a  majority  in  principal  amount  of the
Outstanding Securities shall have the right to direct the time, method and place
of  conducting  any  proceeding  for any remedy  available  to the  Trustee,  or
exercising any trust or power conferred on the Trustee, provided that:

          (a) such  direction  shall not be in conflict  with any rule of law or
     with this Indenture,

          (b)  the   Trustee   shall  have  been  given   reasonable   indemnity
     satisfactory to it, and

          (c) the Trustee may take any other action deemed proper by the Trustee
     which is not inconsistent with such direction.

     Section 5.13 Waiver of Past Defaults.

     The  Holders  of not  less  than a  majority  in  principal  amount  of the
Outstanding  Securities  may, on behalf of the Holders of all of the Securities,
waive any past defaults hereunder, except a default:

          (a) in the payment of the principal of,  interest on or any Additional
     Amounts with respect to any Security, or

                                       36
<PAGE>

          (b) in respect of a covenant or provision  hereof which under  Article
     IX cannot be modified or amended  without the consent of the Holder of each
     Security Outstanding.

     Upon any such waiver,  such default shall cease to exist,  and any Event of
Default arising  therefrom shall be deemed to have been cured, for every purpose
of this  Indenture;  but no such waiver shall extend to any  subsequent or other
default or Event of Default or impair any right consequent thereon.

     Section 5.14 Waiver of Stay or Extension Laws.

     The Company and each Guarantor covenant (to the extent that it may lawfully
do so) that it will not at any time  insist  upon,  or plead,  or in any  manner
whatsoever  claim or take the benefit or advantage of, any stay or extension law
wherever  enacted,  now or at any time hereafter in force,  which may affect the
covenants  or the  performance  of this  Indenture;  and the  Company  and  each
Guarantor (to the extent that it may lawfully do so) hereby expressly waives all
benefit or  advantage  of any such law and  covenants  that it will not  hinder,
delay or impede the  execution of any power herein  granted to the Trustee,  but
will suffer and permit the  execution  of every such power as though no such law
had been enacted.

     Section 5.15 Undertaking for Costs.

     All parties to this Indenture agree, and each Holder of any Security by his
acceptance  thereof  shall be deemed to have  agreed,  that any court may in its
discretion require, in any suit for the enforcement of any right or remedy under
this  Indenture,  or in any suit  against  the  Trustee  for any  action  taken,
suffered or omitted by it as Trustee,  the filing by any party  litigant in such
suit of an undertaking to pay the costs of such suit, and that such court may in
its discretion assess reasonable costs,  including  reasonable  attorney's fees,
against  any party  litigant  in such suit,  having due regard to the merits and
good  faith of the  claims or  defenses  made by such  party  litigant;  but the
provisions  of this  Section  shall  not  apply  to any suit  instituted  by the
Trustee,  to any suit instituted by any Holder, or group of Holders,  holding in
the aggregate more than 10% in principal  amount of the Outstanding  Securities,
or to any suit  instituted by any Holder for the  enforcement  of the payment of
the principal of, interest on or Additional Amounts with respect to any Security
on or after the respective Stated Maturities  expressed in such Security (or, in
the case of redemption, on or after the Redemption Date).

                                   ARTICLE VI
                                   THE TRUSTEE

     Section 6.01 Certain Duties and Responsibilities.

     The duties and  responsibilities of the Trustee shall be as provided by the
Trust  Indenture  Act.  Notwithstanding  the  foregoing,  no  provision  of this
Indenture shall require the Trustee to expend or risk its own funds or otherwise
incur any financial liability in the performance of any of its duties hereunder,
or in the  exercise  of any of its  rights or powers  hereunder.  Whether or not
therein expressly so provided, every provision of this Indenture relating to the
conduct or affecting  the  liability of or affording  protection  to the Trustee
shall be subject to the provisions of this Section.

                                       37
<PAGE>

     The Trustee  undertakes  to perform such duties and only such duties as are
specifically  set  forth  in  this  Indenture,   and  no  implied  covenants  or
obligations shall be read into this Indenture against the Trustee.

     In the absence of bad faith on its part, the Trustee may conclusively rely,
as to the truth of the statements and the correctness of the opinions  expressed
therein,  upon certificates or opinions  furnished to the Trustee and conforming
to the requirements of this Indenture;  but in the case of any such certificates
or  opinions  which by any  provision  hereof are  specifically  required  to be
furnished to the Trustee,  the Trustee shall be under a duty to examine the same
to determine  whether or not they conform to the  requirements of this Indenture
(but need not confirm or investigate the accuracy of  mathematical  calculations
or other facts stated therein).

     The  Trustee  shall not be liable  for any error of  judgment  made in good
faith by a Responsible  Officer,  unless it shall be proved that the Trustee was
negligent in ascertaining the pertinent facts.

     Section 6.02 Notice of Defaults.

     If a Default or an Event of Default  occurs and is continuing  and is known
to the Trustee,  the Trustee shall mail to each Holder of the  Securities in the
manner and to the extent  provided in Section 313(c) of the Trust Indenture Act,
notice of the  Default or Event of Default  within 30 days after the  occurrence
thereof; provided, however, that, except in the case of a Default or an Event of
Default in the payment of principal of,  interest on or Additional  Amounts with
respect to any Securities, the Trustee may withhold the notice to the Holders of
the Securities if and so long as the board of directors, the executive committee
or a trust committee of directors or Responsible Officers of the Trustee in good
faith determines that withholding such notice is in the interests of the Holders
of the Securities.

     Section 6.03 Certain Rights of Trustee.

     Subject to Section 6.01:

          (a) the Trustee may conclusively rely and shall be protected in acting
     or  refraining  from  acting,  pursuant to the terms of this  Indenture  or
     otherwise,  upon  any  resolution,   certificate,   statement,  instrument,
     opinion,  report,  notice,  request,   direction,   consent,  order,  bond,
     debenture,  note, other evidence of indebtedness or other paper or document
     believed by it to be genuine and to have been  signed or  presented  by the
     proper Person or Persons;

          (b) any request or direction of the Company  mentioned herein shall be
     sufficiently   evidenced  by  a  Company  Request  or  Company  Order  with
     sufficient  detail as may be requested by the Trustee and any resolution of
     the Board of Directors may be sufficiently evidenced by a Board Resolution;

          (c) whenever in the administration of this Indenture the Trustee shall
     deem it desirable that a matter be proved or  established  prior to taking,
     suffering  or omitting  any action  hereunder,  the Trustee  (unless  other
     evidence  be herein  specifically  prescribed)

                                       38
<PAGE>
     may,  in the  absence  of bad  faith on its part,  rely  upon an  Officers'
     Certificate or an Opinion of Counsel;

          (d) the  Trustee may consult  with  counsel and the written  advice of
     such  counsel  or any  Opinion  of  Counsel  shall  be  full  and  complete
     authorization  and  protection in respect of any action taken,  suffered or
     omitted by it hereunder in good faith and in reliance thereon;

          (e) the Trustee  shall be under no  obligation  to exercise any of the
     rights or powers vested in it by this Indenture at the request or direction
     of any of the Holders pursuant to this Indenture, unless such Holders shall
     have offered to the Trustee  reasonable  security or indemnity  against the
     costs, expenses and liabilities  (including fees and expenses of its agents
     and counsel) which might be incurred by it in compliance  with such request
     or direction;

          (f) the Trustee shall not be bound to make any investigation into, and
     may conclusively  rely upon, the facts or matters stated in any resolution,
     certificate,  statement,  instrument,  opinion,  report,  notice,  request,
     direction,  consent,  order,  bond,  debenture,  note,  other  evidence  of
     indebtedness  or  other  paper  or  document,   but  the  Trustee,  in  its
     discretion,  may make such further inquiry or investigation into such facts
     or matters as it may see fit, and, if the Trustee  shall  determine to make
     such further inquiry or investigation,  it shall be entitled to examine the
     books,  records and  premises  of the  Company,  personally  or by agent or
     attorney; and

          (g) the Trustee may execute any of the trusts or powers  hereunder  or
     perform any duties  hereunder  either  directly or by or through  agents or
     attorneys and the Trustee shall not be  responsible  for any  misconduct or
     negligence on the part of any agent or attorney  appointed with due care by
     it hereunder.

     Notwithstanding  anything else herein contained,  whenever any provision of
this  Indenture  indicates  that any  confirmation  of a  condition  or event is
qualified  "to the  knowledge  of" or "known to" the  Trustee or other  words of
similar meaning, said words shall mean and refer to the actual current awareness
of one or more Responsible Officers.

     Section  6.04  Trustee  Not   Responsible   for  Recitals  or  Issuance  of
Securities.

     The  recitals  contained  herein  and in the  Securities,  except  for  the
Trustee's  certificates of  authentication,  shall be taken as the statements of
the Company and the Guarantors,  and the Trustee assumes no  responsibility  for
their  correctness.  The Trustee makes no  representations as to the validity or
sufficiency of this Indenture, the Securities or any Guarantee,  except that the
Trustee  represents  that it is duly  authorized  to execute  and  deliver  this
Indenture,  authenticate  the Securities and perform its  obligations  hereunder
and, upon the  effectiveness  of a Registration  Statement,  that the statements
made by it in a Statement of Eligibility on Form T-1 supplied to the Company are
true and accurate,  subject to the qualifications set forth therein. The Trustee
shall not be accountable for the use or application by the Company of Securities
or the proceeds thereof.

                                       39
<PAGE>

     Section 6.05 May Hold Securities.

     The  Trustee,  any Paying  Agent,  any  Registrar or any other agent of the
Company or of the Trustee,  in its individual or any other capacity,  may become
the owner or pledgee of Securities  and,  subject to Sections  310(b) and 311 of
the Trust  Indenture  Act,  may  otherwise  deal with the Company  with the same
rights it would have if it were not  Trustee,  Paying  Agent,  Registrar or such
other agent.

     Section 6.06 Money Held in Trust.

     Money held by the Trustee in trust  hereunder  need not be segregated  from
other  funds  except to the extent  required  by law or Section 311 of the Trust
Indenture Act. The Trustee shall be under no liability for interest on any money
received by it hereunder  except as otherwise agreed in writing with the Company
or any Guarantor, as the case may be.

     Section 6.07 Compensation and Reimbursement.

     The Company agrees:

          (a) to pay to the Trustee (in its  capacity as Trustee,  Paying  Agent
     and Registrar) from time to time reasonable  compensation  for all services
     rendered by it hereunder  (which  compensation  shall not be limited by any
     provision of law in regard to the  compensation  of a trustee of an express
     trust);

          (b) except as otherwise  expressly  provided herein,  to reimburse the
     Trustee upon its request for all  reasonable  expenses,  disbursements  and
     advances  incurred or made by the Trustee in accordance  with any provision
     of this Indenture  (including the reasonable  compensation and the expenses
     and  disbursements  of its agents and  counsel),  except any such  expense,
     disbursement  or advance as may be  attributable  to its  negligence or bad
     faith or willful default by the Trustee under the Indenture; and

          (c) to indemnify the Trustee for, and to hold it harmless against, any
     loss,  liability or expense incurred without negligence or bad faith on its
     part, arising out of or in connection with the acceptance or administration
     of this trust, including the costs and expenses of enforcing this Indenture
     against the Company or the Guarantors  (including  this Section 6.07 and of
     defending  itself against any claim (whether  asserted by any Holder or the
     Company) or liability in connection with the exercise or performance of any
     of its powers or duties  hereunder except to the extent that any such loss,
     liability or expense was due to the negligence or willful misconduct of the
     Trustee or willful default by the Trustee under the Indenture.

     The  obligations  of the  Company  under  this  Section to  compensate  the
Trustee,  to pay or  reimburse  the  Trustee  for  expenses,  disbursements  and
advances  and to  indemnify  and hold  harmless  the  Trustee  shall  constitute
additional  indebtedness  hereunder  and  shall  survive  the  satisfaction  and
discharge of this Indenture and any termination under any bankruptcy law.

     When the Trustee incurs expenses or renders  services in connection with an
Event of Default  specified in Section  5.01(d) or (e), the expenses  (including
the reasonable  charges and

                                       40
<PAGE>
expenses of its counsel) of and the  compensation for such services are intended
to  constitute  expenses  of  administration  under any  applicable  bankruptcy,
insolvency or other similar law of the United Kingdom or the United States.

     The  provisions  of this  Section  shall  survive the  termination  of this
Indenture.

     Section 6.08 Corporate Trustee Required; Eligibility.

     There shall be at all times a Trustee  hereunder which shall be eligible to
act as Trustee under Section 310(a)(1) of the Trust Indenture Act and shall have
a combined  capital and surplus of at least  US$50,000,000.  If such corporation
publishes  reports of  condition  at least  annually,  pursuant to law or to the
requirements  of the United States  federal,  state,  territorial or District of
Columbia  supervising  or  examining  authority,  then for the  purposes of this
Section, the combined capital and surplus of such corporation shall be deemed to
be its  combined  capital and surplus as set forth in its most recent  report of
condition so published. If at any time the Trustee shall cease to be eligible in
accordance with the provisions of this Section,  it shall resign  immediately in
the manner and with the effect hereinafter specified in this Article.

     Section 6.09 Resignation and Removal; Appointment of Successor.

          (a) No  resignation  or removal of the Trustee and no appointment of a
     successor Trustee pursuant to this Article shall become effective until the
     acceptance of appointment by the successor  Trustee in accordance  with the
     applicable requirements of Section 6.10.

          (b) The  Trustee  may  resign  at any time by  giving  written  notice
     thereof to the Company.  If the  instrument  of  acceptance  by a successor
     Trustee  required  by  Section  6.10 shall not have been  delivered  to the
     Trustee within 30 days after the giving of such notice of resignation,  the
     resigning Trustee may petition any court of competent  jurisdiction for the
     appointment of a successor Trustee.

          (c) The  Trustee  may be removed at any time by Act of the  Holders of
     not less than a majority in principal amount of the Outstanding Securities,
     delivered to the Trustee and to the Company.

          (d) If at any time:

               (1) the  Trustee  shall  fail to comply  with the  provisions  of
          Section  310(b)  of the Trust  Indenture  Act  after  written  request
          therefor  by the  Company  or by any  Holder  who has been a bona fide
          Holder  of a  Security  for at  least  six  months,  except  when  the
          Trustee's  duty to resign is stayed in accordance  with the provisions
          of Section 310(b) of the Trust Indenture Act, or

               (2) the Trustee shall cease to be eligible under Section 6.08 and
          shall fail to resign after written request  therefor by the Company or
          by any  Holder who has been a bona fide  Holder of a  Security  for at
          least six months, or

                                       41
<PAGE>

               (3) the  Trustee  shall  become  incapable  of acting or shall be
          adjudged a bankrupt  or  insolvent  or a receiver of the Trustee or of
          its  property  shall be  appointed  or any public  officer  shall take
          charge or control of the Trustee or of its property or affairs for the
          purpose of rehabilitation, conservation or liquidation,

then, in any such case, (i) the Company,  by a Board Resolution,  may remove the
Trustee,  or (ii)  subject to Section  315(e) of the Trust  Indenture  Act,  any
Holder  who has been a bona fide  Holder of a  Security  for at least six months
may, on behalf of himself and all others similarly situated,  petition any court
of competent  jurisdiction for the removal of the Trustee and the appointment of
a successor  Trustee.  Notwithstanding  the foregoing,  the Trustee shall at all
times comply with the provisions of Section 310(b) of the Trust Indenture Act.

          (e) If the Trustee  shall  resign,  be removed or become  incapable of
     acting, or if a vacancy shall occur in the office of Trustee for any cause,
     the Company,  by a Board  Resolution,  shall  promptly  appoint a successor
     Trustee.   If,  within  one  year  after  such   resignation,   removal  or
     incapability,  or the occurrence of such vacancy, a successor Trustee shall
     be appointed by Act of the Holders of a majority in principal amount of the
     Outstanding  Securities  delivered to the Company and the retiring Trustee,
     the successor Trustee so appointed shall,  forthwith upon its acceptance of
     such appointment,  become the successor Trustee and supersede the successor
     Trustee  appointed by the Company.  If no successor Trustee shall have been
     so appointed by the Company or the Holders and accepted  appointment in the
     manner  hereinafter  provided  subject  to  Section  315(e)  of  the  Trust
     Indenture Act, any Holder who has been a bona fide Holder of a Security for
     at least six  months  may,  on behalf of himself  and all others  similarly
     situated,  petition any court of competent jurisdiction for the appointment
     of a successor Trustee.

          (f) The Company shall give notice of each resignation and each removal
     of the Trustee and each  appointment of a successor  Trustee to the Holders
     of Securities in the manner provided for in Section 1.06. Each notice shall
     include the name of the successor  Trustee and the address of its Corporate
     Trust Office.

     Section 6.10 Acceptance of Appointment by Successor.

     Every successor Trustee appointed hereunder shall execute,  acknowledge and
deliver to the Company and to the retiring Trustee an instrument  accepting such
appointment,  and thereupon the  resignation or removal of the retiring  Trustee
shall become effective and such successor Trustee, without any further act, deed
or  conveyance,  shall  become  vested with all the rights,  powers,  trusts and
duties of the retiring Trustee;  but, on request of the Company or the successor
Trustee,  such retiring Trustee shall, upon payment of its charges,  execute and
deliver an instrument  transferring  to such  successor  Trustee all the rights,
powers and trusts of the retiring  Trustee and shall duly  assign,  transfer and
deliver to such  successor  Trustee all property and money held by such retiring
Trustee hereunder. Upon request of any such successor Trustee, the Company shall
execute  any and all  instruments  for more fully and  certainly  vesting in and
confirming to such successor Trustee all such rights, powers and trusts.

     No successor  Trustee  shall accept its  appointment  unless at the time of
such  acceptance  such  successor  Trustee shall be qualified and eligible under
this Article.

                                       42
<PAGE>

     Section 6.11 Merger, Conversion, Consolidation or Succession to Business.

     Any  corporation  into which the Trustee may be merged or converted or with
which it may be  consolidated,  or any  corporation  resulting  from any merger,
conversion  or  consolidation  to which  the  Trustee  shall be a party,  or any
corporation  succeeding  to all or  substantially  all  of the  corporate  trust
business  of the  Trustee,  shall be the  successor  of the  Trustee  hereunder,
provided such corporation  shall be otherwise  qualified and eligible under this
Article,  without the execution or filing of any paper or any further act on the
part of any of the  parties  hereto.  In case any  Securities  shall  have  been
authenticated,  but not delivered,  by the Trustee then in office, any successor
by merger,  conversion or consolidation to such authenticating Trustee may adopt
such  authentication  and deliver the Securities so authenticated  with the same
effect as if such successor Trustee had itself authenticated such Securities. In
case at that time any of the Securities shall not have been  authenticated,  any
successor  Trustee may  authenticate  such Securities  either in the name of any
predecessor hereunder or in the name of the successor Trustee. In all such cases
such  certificates  shall have the full force and  effect  which this  Indenture
provides  that the  certificate  of  authentication  of the Trustee  shall have;
provided,  however, that the right to adopt the certificate of authentication of
any  predecessor  Trustee  or to  authenticate  Securities  in the  name  of any
predecessor  Trustee  shall apply only to its successor or successors by merger,
conversion or consolidation.

     Section 6.12 Withholding Taxes.

     Notwithstanding  any other  provision of this  Agreement,  the Trustee,  as
agent for the Company and the  Guarantors,  shall exclude and withhold from each
payment of principal  and interest and other  amounts due hereunder or under the
Securities or the Guarantees any and all withholding taxes applicable thereto as
required by law.  The Trustee  agrees to act as such  withholding  agent and, in
connection  therewith,  whenever any present or future taxes or similar  charges
are required to be withheld  with  respect to any amounts  payable in respect of
the  Securities or the  Guarantees,  to withhold such amounts and timely pay the
same to the appropriate authority in the name of and on behalf of the Holders of
the Securities, that it will furnish to the Holders of the Securities such forms
or  certificates  as are  necessary or  appropriate  to provide the  information
described in Section  10.04(c)(1) or make the  declaration or claim described in
Section 10.04(c)(2),  that it will file any necessary withholding tax returns or
statements  when due,  and that,  as  promptly  as  possible  after the  payment
thereof, it will deliver to each Holder of a Security appropriate  documentation
showing the payment thereof,  together with such additional documentary evidence
as such Holders may reasonably request from time to time.

     In the event that the  Trustee  is also  acting as Paying  Agent,  transfer
agent,  or  Registrar  hereunder,  the rights and  protections  afforded  to the
Trustee pursuant to this Article VI shall also be afforded to such Paying Agent,
transfer agent, or Registrar.  The Company will notify the Trustee of any change
that becomes  effective  after the date hereof in the laws of the United Kingdom
or any  political  subdivision  or Taxing  authority  thereof  or therein or any
change in the interpretation or administration thereof the effect of which is to
require the  deduction  or  withholding  of any amount of taxes  pursuant to the
Securities or the Guarantees.

                                       43
<PAGE>

                                  ARTICLE VII
                      HOLDERS' LISTS AND REPORTS BY TRUSTEE

     Section 7.01 Disclosure of Names and Addresses of Holders.

     Every Holder of Securities,  by receiving and holding the same, agrees with
the Company and the Trustee that none of the Company or the Trustee or any agent
of either of them shall be held  accountable  by reason of the disclosure of any
such information as to the names and addresses of the Holders in accordance with
Section 312 of the Trust Indenture Act, regardless of the source from which such
information was derived,  and that the Trustee shall not be held  accountable by
reason of mailing any material  pursuant to a request made under Section  312(b)
of the Trust  Indenture  Act.  The Trustee  shall  comply with any request  made
pursuant to and in accordance with Section 312(b) of the Trust Indenture Act.

     Section 7.02 Reports by Trustee.

     Within 60 days after  December  31 of each year  commencing  with the first
December 31 after the first issuance of  Securities,  the Trustee shall transmit
to the Holders,  in the manner and to the extent  provided in Section  313(c) of
the Trust Indenture Act, a brief report dated as of such December 31 as required
by Sections 313(a) and 313(b) of the Trust Indenture Act. The Trustee shall file
a copy of each  report  delivered  pursuant  to this  section as required by the
Trust Indenture Act.

                                  ARTICLE VIII
                       CONSOLIDATION, MERGER, CONVEYANCE,
                                TRANSFER OR LEASE

     Section 8.01 Company and Guarantors May Consolidate,  etc., Only on Certain
Terms.

     Neither the Company nor any Guarantor  shall, in a single  transaction or a
series of related  transactions,  (i)  consolidate  with or merge into any other
Person or permit any other Person to consolidate  with or merge into the Company
of any such Guarantor or (ii) directly or indirectly,  transfer,  sell, lease or
otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of its assets to any other Person,
unless:

          (a) in a consolidation or merger in which the Company does not survive
     or if the Company transfers,  sells, leases or otherwise disposes of all or
     substantially  all of its assets to any other Person,  the successor Person
     to the Company shall expressly assume, by a supplemental indenture executed
     and delivered to the Trustee in form  satisfactory  to the Trustee,  all of
     the Company's obligations under this Indenture and the Securities;

          (b) in a  consolidation  or  merger in which  any  Guarantor  does not
     survive or if any Guarantor transfers, sells, leases, or otherwise disposes
     of all or substantially all of its assets to another Person (other than the
     Company or another Guarantor), the successor Person to such Guarantor shall
     expressly assume, by a supplemental indenture executed and delivered to the
     Trustee  in form  satisfactory  to the  Trustee,  all of  such  Guarantor's
     obligations   under  this  Indenture  and  the  Guarantee  issued  by  such
     Guarantor;

                                       44
<PAGE>

          (c) after giving  effect to such  transaction,  no Event of Default or
     event that with the passing of time or the giving of notice, or both, would
     constitute an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing; and

          (d) in the  event  that the  successor  Person  is  incorporated  in a
     jurisdiction  other than the United States or the United  Kingdom,  (A) the
     Company  delivers  to the  Trustee an Opinion of Counsel  stating  that the
     obligations of the successor  Person under this  Indenture,  the Securities
     and the Guarantees,  as applicable,  are enforceable against such successor
     Person  to the  same  extent  as the  obligations  of the  Company  or such
     Guarantor  under this  Indenture,  the  Securities and the  Guarantees,  as
     applicable, immediately prior to such transaction; (B) the successor Person
     agrees in writing to submit to  jurisdiction  and appoints an agent for the
     service of  process,  each under terms  substantially  similar to the terms
     contained in the Indenture  with respect to the Company or such  Guarantor,
     as applicable; (C) the successor Person agrees in writing to pay Additional
     Amounts as provided under this  Indenture  under Section 10.04 with respect
     to  the  Company  or  such  Guarantor,  as  applicable,  except  that  such
     Additional   Amounts  shall  relate  to  any   withholding  tax  whatsoever
     regardless  of any  change  of law  (subject  to  exceptions  substantially
     similar  to  those  contained  in  Section  10.04);  and (D) the  Board  of
     Directors  of the Company  determines  in good faith that such  transaction
     will have no material  adverse effect on any Holder and a Board  Resolution
     to that effect is delivered to the Trustee.

     Section 8.02 Successor Person Substituted for Company.

     Upon any  consolidation  by the Company or any Guarantor  with or merger by
the Company or a Guarantor into any other Person or any transfer, sale, lease or
other  disposition  of the properties and assets of the Company or any Guarantor
substantially  as an entirety to any Person in accordance with Section 8.01, the
successor  Person  formed  by such  consolidation  or  merger  or to which  such
transfer,  sale,  lease or other  disposition  is made shall  succeed to, and be
substituted  for, and may exercise every right and power of, the Company or such
Guarantor under the Indenture,  the Securities and the  Guarantees,  as the case
may be, with the same effect as if such  successor  Person had been named as the
Company or a Guarantor herein; and thereafter,  except in the case of a lease to
another Person,  the  predecessor  Person shall be released from all obligations
and covenants under this Indenture and the Securities.

                                   ARTICLE IX
                     SUPPLEMENTS AND AMENDMENTS TO INDENTURE
                            AND SECURITIES GUARANTEES

     Section 9.01 Without Consent of Holders.

     Without the consent of any Holders, the Company and any affected Guarantor,
each when  authorized by a Board  Resolution,  and the Trustee,  at any time and
from time to time, may enter into one or more  indentures  supplemental  hereto,
for any of the following purposes:

          (a) to evidence the succession of another Person to the Company or any
     Guarantor and the  assumption by any such successor of the covenants of the
     Company or

                                       45
<PAGE>
     any  Guarantor  contained  herein  and in  the  Securities  or to  add  any
     Guarantors of the Securities; or

          (b) to add to the covenants of the Company and the  Guarantors for the
     benefit of the Holders or to surrender any right or power herein  conferred
     upon the Company or the Guarantors; or

          (c) to add any additional Events of Default; or

          (d) to provide  for  uncertificated  Securities  in  addition to or in
     place of the certificated Securities; or

          (e)  to  evidence  and  provide  for  the  acceptance  of  appointment
     hereunder by a successor  Trustee  pursuant to the  requirements of Section
     6.09; or

          (f) to secure the Securities or any Guarantee; or

          (g) to cure any  ambiguity,  to correct or supplement any provision in
     this  Indenture  which  may be  defective  or  inconsistent  with any other
     provision  herein,  or to make any other provisions with respect to matters
     or questions arising under this Indenture,  provided that such action shall
     not adversely affect the interests of the Holders in any material  respect;
     or

          (h) to  comply  with any  requirement  of the  Commission  in order to
     effect or maintain  the  qualification  of this  Indenture  under the Trust
     Indenture Act.

     Section 9.02 With Consent of Holders.

     With the consent of the  Holders of not less than a majority  in  aggregate
principal amount of the Outstanding Securities, by Act of said Holders delivered
to the Company,  any  affected  Guarantor  and the Trustee,  the Company and the
Guarantors,  each when  authorized  by a Board  Resolution,  and the Trustee may
enter  into  one or more  indentures  supplemental  hereto  for the  purpose  of
modifying in any manner this Indenture or any Guarantee; provided, however, that
no such indenture  supplemental  may,  without the consent of the Holder of each
Outstanding Security affected thereby:

          (a) change the Stated Maturity of the principal of, or any installment
     of interest on or any Additional Amounts with respect to, any Security,  or
     reduce the principal  amount thereof or the rate of interest thereon or any
     premium payable upon the redemption  thereof or any Additional Amounts with
     respect  to, or change the  obligation  of the  Company  to pay  Additional
     Amounts  pursuant to Section 10.04 or change the place of payment where, or
     the coin or currency in which any Security or the  interest  thereon or any
     Additional  Amounts  with  respect  to is  payable,  or impair the right to
     institute  suit for the  enforcement  of any such payment  after the Stated
     Maturity thereof (or, in the case of redemption, on or after the Redemption
     Date); or

                                       46
<PAGE>

          (b)  reduce  the  percentage  in  aggregate  principal  amount  of the
     Outstanding  Securities  required to consent to any amendment of, or waiver
     of compliance with, any provision of or defaults under this Indenture; or

          (c) waive a Default or Event of Default  in the  payment of  principal
     of,  interest on or any  Additional  Amounts with respect to the Securities
     (except a rescission  of  acceleration  of  Securities by the Holders of at
     least a majority  in  aggregate  principal  amount of the then  Outstanding
     Securities (including Additional Securities issued under this Indenture, if
     any)); or

          (d)  release  any  Guarantor  from any of its  obligations  under  its
     Guarantee or this  Indenture,  except in accordance  with the terms of this
     Indenture; or

          (e) make any change that would adversely  affect the rights of Holders
     to receive Additional Amounts; or

          (f) make any change in the Company's obligations to maintain an office
     or agency in the places and for the purposes set forth in Section 10.02; or

          (g) amend,  change or modify  any of the  provisions  in this  Section
     9.02.

     It shall not be  necessary  for any Act of Holders  under  this  Section to
approve the particular form of any proposed supplemental indenture, but it shall
be sufficient if such Act shall approve the substance thereof.

     Section 9.03 Execution of Supplemental Indentures.

     In  executing,   or  accepting  the  additional   trusts  created  by,  any
supplemental indenture permitted by this Article or the modifications thereby of
the trusts created by this Indenture,  the Trustee shall be entitled to receive,
and shall be fully protected in relying upon, an Opinion of Counsel stating that
the execution of such supplemental  indenture is authorized or permitted by this
Indenture and that such supplemental  indenture constitutes the legal, valid and
binding  obligation of the Company and the  Guarantors  subject to the customary
exceptions.  The Trustee may, but shall not be obligated to, enter into any such
supplemental  indenture  which  affects  the  Trustee's  own  rights,  duties or
immunities under this Indenture or otherwise.

     Section 9.04 Effect of Supplemental Indentures.

     Upon the execution of any supplemental  indenture under this Article,  this
Indenture  shall be  modified in  accordance  therewith,  and such  supplemental
indenture shall form a part of this Indenture for all purposes; and every Holder
of Securities  theretofore or thereafter  authenticated and delivered  hereunder
shall be bound thereby.

     Section 9.05 Conformity with Trust Indenture Act.

     Every  supplemental  indenture  executed  pursuant  to this  Article  shall
conform to the requirements of the Trust Indenture Act as then in effect.

                                       47
<PAGE>

     Section 9.06 Reference in Securities to Supplemental Indentures.

     Securities   authenticated   and  delivered  after  the  execution  of  any
supplemental  indenture  pursuant to this  Article may, and shall if required by
the  Trustee,  bear a notation in form  approved by the Trustee as to any matter
provided for in such supplemental  indenture. If the Company shall so determine,
new Securities so modified as to conform,  in the opinion of the Trustee and the
Company, to any such supplemental  indenture may be prepared and executed by the
Company  and  authenticated  and  delivered  by  the  Trustee  in  exchange  for
Outstanding Securities.

     Section 9.07 Notice of Supplemental Indentures.

     Promptly after the execution by the Company, any affected Guarantor and the
Trustee of any  supplemental  indenture  pursuant to the  provisions  of Section
9.02, the Company shall give notice  thereof to the Holders of each  Outstanding
Security affected,  in the manner provided for in Section 1.06, setting forth in
general terms the substance of such supplemental  indenture.  Any failure by the
Company to mail such notice, or any defect therein,  shall not, however,  in any
way impair or affect the validity of any such amendment or waiver.

     Section 9.08 Revocation and Effect of Consents, Waivers and Actions.

     Until an amendment,  waiver or other action by Holders becomes effective, a
consent  to it or any  other  action by a Holder of a  Security  hereunder  is a
continuing  consent by the Holder and every subsequent  Holder of that Security,
even if notation of the consent,  waiver or action is not made on the  Security.
However, any such Holder or subsequent Holder may revoke the consent,  waiver or
action as to such  Holder's  Security  if the  Trustee  receives  the  notice of
revocation before the consent of the requisite aggregate principal amount of the
Securities  then  outstanding  has  been  obtained  and not  revoked.  After  an
amendment,  waiver or action  becomes  effective,  it shall bind every  Security
Holder, except as provided in Section 9.02.

     The Company may,  but shall not be obligated  to, fix a record date for the
purpose of  determining  the  Holders  entitled to consent to any  amendment  or
waiver. If a record date is fixed, then, notwithstanding the first two sentences
of the immediately  preceding  paragraph,  those person who were Holders at such
record date (or their duly designated proxies), and only those persons, shall be
entitled  to consent to such  amendment,  supplement  or waiver or to revoke any
consent  previously  given,  whether or not such persons  continue to be Holders
after such record  date.  No such consent  shall be valid or effective  for more
than 90 days after such record date.

                                   ARTICLE X
                                   COVENANTS

     Section 10.01 Payment of Principal and Interest.

     The Company  covenants  and agrees for the  benefit of the Holders  that it
will duly and  punctually  pay the principal of,  interest on and any Additional
Amounts  with  respect to the  Securities  in  accordance  with the terms of the
Securities and this Indenture.

                                       48
<PAGE>

     The Company shall pay interest on overdue  principal at the rate  specified
therefor in the Securities, and it shall pay interest on overdue installments of
interest  and any  Additional  Amounts  at the same rate to the  extent  lawful.
Section 10.02 Maintenance of Office or Agency.

     The  Company  will  maintain  in the City of New York  and,  so long as the
Securities  are listed on the  Luxembourg  Stock  Exchange and the rules of such
stock exchange require, in Luxembourg,  an office or agency where Securities may
be presented or surrendered for payment, where Securities may be surrendered for
registration  of transfer or exchange  and where  notices and demands to or upon
the  Company in respect of the  Securities  or any  Guarantor  in respect of the
Guarantees  and this  Indenture may be served.  The Trustee's  office located at
SunTrust Bank, c/o  Computershare  Trust Company of New York, Wall Street Plaza,
88 Pine Street,  19th Floor,  New York,  New York 10005 shall  initially be such
office or agency of the Company in New York,  and so long as the  Securities are
listed on the  Luxembourg  Stock  Exchange and the rules of such stock  exchange
require,  the office of Banque  Generale  du  Luxembourg  S.A. at 50 Avenue J.F.
Kennedy,  L-2951  Luxembourg  shall  initially  be  such  office  or  agency  in
Luxembourg, unless the Company shall designate and maintain some other office or
agency for one or more of such  purposes.  The Company will give prompt  written
notice to the  Trustee  of any  change  in the  location  of any such  office or
agency.  If at any time the Company shall appoint a new Luxembourg  Paying Agent
and transfer agent, the Company will publish notice in a Luxembourg newspaper of
general circulation.  If at any time the Company shall fail to maintain any such
required  office or agency or shall fail to furnish the Trustee with the address
thereof,  such  presentations,  surrenders,  notices  and demands may be made or
served at the  Corporate  Trust  Office of the  Trustee and the Company and each
Guarantor  hereby  appoints  the  Trustee  as its  agent  to  receive  all  such
presentations, surrenders, notices and demands.

     The Company may also from time to time  designate one or more other offices
or  agencies  (in or  outside  of The City of New York)  outside  of the  United
Kingdom where the Securities may be presented or surrendered for any or all such
purposes  and may from  time to time  rescind  any such  designation;  provided,
however,  that no such designation or rescission shall in any manner relieve the
Company of its  obligation  to  maintain  an office or agency in the City of New
York for such  purposes.  The  Company  will give prompt  written  notice to the
Trustee of any such  designation or rescission and any change in the location of
any such other office or agency.

     Section 10.03 Money for Security Payments to Be Held in Trust.

     If the Company shall at any time act as its own Paying  Agent,  it will, on
or before  each due date of the  principal  of,  interest  on or any  Additional
Amounts with respect to any of the  Securities,  segregate and hold in trust for
the  benefit  of the  Persons  entitled  thereto  a sum  sufficient  to pay  the
principal,  interest or Additional Amounts so becoming due until such sums shall
be paid to such  Persons or  otherwise  disposed of as herein  provided and will
promptly notify the Trustee of its action or failure so to act.

     Whenever  the  Company  shall  have  one or  more  Paying  Agents  for  the
Securities, it will, on or before each due date of the principal of, interest on
or any Additional Amounts with

                                       49
<PAGE>
respect to any  Securities,  deposit with a Paying Agent a sum sufficient to pay
the  principal,  interest or Additional  Amounts so becoming due, such sum to be
held in  trust  for the  benefit  of the  Persons  entitled  to such  principal,
interest or  Additional  Amounts,  and (unless such Paying Agent is the Trustee)
the Company will promptly notify the Trustee of such action or any failure so to
act.

     The  Company  will cause each  Paying  Agent  (other  than the  Trustee) to
execute  and  deliver to the Trustee an  instrument  in which such Paying  Agent
shall agree with the Trustee,  subject to the  provisions of this Section,  that
such Paying Agent will:

          (a) hold all sums  held by it for the  payment  of the  principal  of,
     interest or  Additional  Amounts on  Securities in trust for the benefit of
     the Persons  entitled thereto until such sums shall be paid to such Persons
     or otherwise disposed of as herein provided;

          (b) give the  Trustee  notice of any  default by the  Company  (or any
     other  obligor  upon  the  Securities)  in the  making  of any  payment  of
     principal, interest or Additional Amounts; and

          (c) at any time during the  continuance of any such default,  upon the
     written  request of the Trustee,  forthwith  pay to the Trustee all sums so
     held in trust by such Paying Agent.

     The Company may at any time, for the purpose of obtaining the  satisfaction
and  discharge of this  Indenture or for any other  purpose,  pay, or by Company
Order  direct any Paying  Agent to pay, to the Trustee all sums held in trust by
the Company or such Paying  Agent,  such sums to be held by the Trustee upon the
same  trusts as those  upon  which  such sums were held by the  Company  or such
Paying Agent;  and,  upon such payment by any Paying Agent to the Trustee,  such
Paying Agent shall be released from all further  liability  with respect to such
sums.

     Any money  deposited with the Trustee or any Paying Agent,  or then held by
the  Company,  in trust for the  payment of the  principal  of,  interest  on or
Additional Amounts with respect to any Security and remaining  unclaimed for two
years after such  principal,  interest or  Additional  Amount has become due and
payable shall be paid to the Company on Company Request, or (if then held by the
Company)  shall be discharged  from such trust;  and the Holder of such Security
shall thereafter, as an unsecured general creditor, look only to the Company for
payment  thereof,  and all  liability  of the Trustee or such Paying  Agent with
respect  to such  trust  money,  and all  liability  of the  Company  as trustee
thereof,  shall thereupon  cease;  provided,  however,  that the Trustee or such
Paying  Agent,  before  being  required to make any such  repayment,  may at the
expense of the Company cause to be published  once, in a newspaper  published in
the English language,  customarily published on each Business Day and of general
circulation in the Borough of Manhattan,  the City of New York, notice that such
money remains  unclaimed and that, after a date specified  therein,  which shall
not be less  than 30 days  from  the  date of such  publication,  any  unclaimed
balance of such money then remaining will be repaid to the Company.

                                       50
<PAGE>

     Section 10.04 Additional Amounts.

     All  payments  of, or in  respect  of,  principal  of and  interest  on the
Securities shall be made without withholding or deduction for, or on account of,
any present or future taxes, duties,  assessments or governmental charges of any
kind  whatsoever  imposed or levied by or on behalf of the United Kingdom or any
political  subdivision  or  any  Taxing  authority  thereof  or  therein  ("U.K.
Withholding  Taxes"),  unless such U.K.  Withholding  Taxes are  required by the
United Kingdom or any such  subdivision or authority to be withheld or deducted.
In the event of (i) a Change in Tax Law or (ii) a failure by the Company to list
or maintain a listing of the Securities on a "recognized stock exchange" (within
the meaning of Section 841 of the United  Kingdom Income and  Corporation  Taxes
Act 1988) (a  "Listing  Failure"),  the  effect of which,  in each  case,  is to
require the  withholding or deduction by the Company or the Guarantors  pursuant
to the  Securities  or the  Guarantees,  respectively,  of any  amount  for U.K.
Withholding  Taxes that would not have been  required to be withheld or deducted
absent such event,  the Company or the Guarantors,  as the case may be, will pay
such  additional  amounts  ("Additional  Amounts") on the Securities that result
(after deduction or withholding of such U.K.  Withholding  Taxes,  including any
deduction or  withholding  of such U.K.  Withholding  Taxes with respect to such
Additional Amounts) in the payment to each Holder of a Security the amounts that
would have been payable in respect of such Security had no such  withholding  or
deduction been required,  except that no Additional  Amounts shall be so payable
for or on account of:

          (a) any tax, duty,  assessment or other governmental charge that would
     not have been  imposed but for (1) the  existence  of any present or former
     connection  between  a Holder or the  beneficial  owner of a  Security  (or
     between a fiduciary,  settlor,  beneficiary,  member or shareholder  of, or
     possessor of a power over, such Holder, if such Holder is an estate, trust,
     partnership  or  corporation)  and  the  United  Kingdom  or any  political
     subdivision  or  taxing  authority  thereof  or  therein  (other  than mere
     ownership  of, or receipt  of  payment  under,  such  Security)  including,
     without  limitation,  such Holder or beneficial  owner (or such  fiduciary,
     settlor,  beneficiary,  member,  shareholder or possessor)  being or having
     been a  resident,  domiciliary  or  national  of, or being or  having  been
     present or engaged in a trade or business therein or having or having had a
     permanent establishment in, the United Kingdom or any political subdivision
     or any Taxing  authority  thereof or  therein,  (2) the  presentation  of a
     Security or a Guarantee for payment in the United  Kingdom or any political
     subdivision  or any  Taxing  authority  thereof  or  therein,  unless  such
     Security or Guarantee could not have been presented  elsewhere,  or (3) the
     presentation  of a Security or a Guarantee  for payment on a date more than
     30 days  after the date on which such  payment in respect of such  Security
     became due and payable or provided for,  whichever occurs later,  except to
     the extent that the Holder of such  Security or such  Guarantee  would have
     been entitled to such Additional  Amounts if it had presented such Security
     or such Guarantee for payment within such 30-day period.

          (b) any estate,  inheritance,  gift, sale, transfer, personal property
     or similar tax, duty, assessment or governmental charge;

          (c) any tax,  duty,  assessment or other  governmental  charge that is
     imposed  or  withheld  by  reason  of  the  failure  by the  Holder  or the
     beneficial owner of a Security to

                                       51
<PAGE>
     comply, or the delay in complying, with a request in writing of the Company
     or a Guarantor  (which  request  shall be  furnished to the Trustee) (1) to
     provide  information  concerning  the  nationality,   residence,  place  of
     establishment  or identity of the Holder or such beneficial owner or (2) to
     make any  declaration or other similar claim or satisfy any  information or
     reporting  requirement  which,  in the case of (1) or (2),  is  required or
     imposed by a statute, treaty,  regulation or administrative practice of the
     taxing jurisdiction as a precondition to exemption from or reduction of all
     or part of such tax, duty, assessment or other governmental charge;

          (d) any tax, duty,  assessment or other governmental  charge resulting
     from a Listing Failure with respect to any Security issued in the form of a
     certificated Security pursuant to the terms of this Indenture;

          (e) any tax, duty,  assessment or other  governmental  charge which is
     imposed on a payment to any holder and is required  to be made  pursuant to
     any European Union  Directive on the taxation of savings  implementing  the
     draft directive  2001/0164 published on July 19, 2001, or any law complying
     with, or introduced in order to conform to, such Directive; or

          (f) any combination of items (a), (b), (c), (d) and (e) above;

     nor shall  Additional  Amounts be paid with  respect to any  payment of the
     principal  of, or any  interest on, any Security or Guarantee to any Holder
     who is a fiduciary or partnership  other than the sole beneficial  owner of
     such Security or Guarantee, to the extent such payment would be required by
     the laws of the United  Kingdom (or any political  subdivision  or relevant
     Taxing  authority  thereof or therein) to be included in the income for tax
     purposes of a  beneficiary  or settlor  with  respect to such  fiduciary or
     member of such  partnership  or a beneficial  owner who would not have been
     entitled to such Additional Amounts had it been the Holder of the Security.

     At least 30 days  prior to each  date on which  any  payment  under or with
respect to the Securities is due and payable, if the Company or a Guarantor will
be obligated to pay Additional Amounts with respect to such payment, the Company
or the Guarantor  will deliver to the Trustee an Officer's  Certificate  stating
the fact that such Additional Amounts will be payable and the amounts so payable
and will set forth such other information necessary to enable the Trustee to pay
such  Additional  Amounts to  Holders  on the  payment  date.  Whenever  in this
Indenture  there  is  mentioned,  in any  context,  the  payment  of  principal,
Redemption Price,  interest or any other amount payable under or with respect to
any  Security  or the net  proceeds  received  on the  sale or  exchange  of any
Security,  such  mention  shall be deemed to include  mention of the  payment of
Additional  Amounts  provided for in this  Indenture to the extent that, in such
context,  Additional  Amounts are,  were or would be payable in respect  thereof
pursuant to this Indenture.

     Section 10.05 Corporate Existence.

     Subject to Article VIII, the Company and each  Guarantor  shall do or cause
to be done all things  necessary  to preserve  and keep in full force and effect
their respective  corporate  existence and their respective  rights (charter and
statutory)  and  franchises,  provided,  however,  that the

                                       52
<PAGE>
foregoing  shall not obligate the Company or any  Guarantor to preserve any such
right or franchise if (i) the Company or any Guarantor  shall determine that the
preservation  thereof is no longer  desirable in the conduct of its business and
would  not  have a  material  adverse  effect  on the  condition,  financial  or
otherwise,  earnings,  business affairs or business prospects of the Company and
its  Subsidiaries  considered  as  one  enterprise  and  would  not  materially,
adversely  affect the  ability of the  Company or any  Guarantor  to perform its
obligations  under this  Indenture  and (ii) failure to preserve  the  corporate
existence of any Guarantor or any such right or franchise  would not result in a
downgrading of any credit rating then applicable to the Securities.

     Section 10.06 Statement by Officers As to Default.

     (a) The Company will deliver to the Trustee,  within 120 days after the end
of each  fiscal  year of the  Company  (beginning  with the fiscal  year  ending
December 31, 2003), a brief  certificate from the principal  executive  officer,
principal  financial  officer or  principal  accounting  officer  stating that a
review of the activities of the Company during such year and of its  performance
under this Indenture has been made under the  supervision of the signers thereof
and to the best of his or her  knowledge,  based on such  review,  no event  has
occurred  and is  continuing  which is, or after  notice or lapse of time  would
become, an Event of Default.

     (b) When any Default has occurred and is continuing  under this  Indenture,
the Company  shall  deliver to the Trustee an Officers'  Certificate  specifying
such event,  notice or other action within five days of the Company Secretary or
Chief  General  Manager  Finance  and  Administration   becoming  aware  of  the
occurrence thereof.

     Section 10.07 Provision of Reports and Financial Statements.

     (a) [Intentionally Omitted]

     (b) The Company  shall (i) file with the Trustee,  within 15 days after the
Company is required to file the same with the  Commission,  copies of the annual
reports and of the  information,  documents and other reports (or copies of such
portions  of any of the  foregoing  as the  Commission  may from time to time by
rules and regulations  prescribe) which the Company may be required to file with
the  Commission  pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act and
(ii) file with the  Trustee and the  Commission,  in  accordance  with rules and
regulations  prescribed  from time to time by the  Commission,  such  additional
information,  documents  and reports with respect to  compliance  by the Company
with the conditions and covenants of this Indenture as may be required from time
to time by such rules and regulations.

     (c) If the Company is no longer  required (or is not required,  as the case
may be) to file  reports  pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the  Exchange  Act,
then  it  shall  (i)  file  with  the  Trustee  and the  Commission  such of the
supplementary  and  periodic  information,  documents  and reports  which may be
required  pursuant  to Section 13 of the  Exchange  Act in respect of a security
listed and  registered on a national  securities  exchange as may be required by
the rules and regulations of the Commission;  and (ii) prior to the consummation
of  the  Exchange  Offer,  promptly  furnish  or  cause  to  be  furnished  such
information as is specified pursuant to Rule 144A(d)(4) under the Securities Act
(or  any  successor  provision  thereto)  to  such  Holder  or to a

                                       53
<PAGE>
prospective  purchaser of a Security who is  designated  by such Holder and is a
qualified  institutional  buyer (as defined in Rule  144A),  upon the request of
such Holder or  prospective  purchaser,  in order to permit  compliance  by such
Holder with Rule 144A under the Securities Act.

     (d) The Company shall transmit by mail to all Holders, in the manner and to
the extent provided in TIA Section 313(c), as soon as reasonably practicable and
in any event  within 30 days after the filing  thereof  with the  Trustee,  such
information,  documents and reports required to be filed by the Company pursuant
to paragraphs (b) and (c) of this Section.

     (e)  Within  five  days  after  any  change  in the  interest  rate  of the
Securities  pursuant to the  Registration  Rights  Agreement,  the Company shall
deliver an Officers'  Certificate  to the Trustee  stating the new interest rate
and the date on which it became effective.

     Section 10.08 Waiver of Certain Covenants.

     The Company or any Guarantor may omit in any particular  instance to comply
with any term, provision or condition set forth in Sections 10.05 through 10.07,
inclusive,  if before or after the time for such  compliance  the  Holders of at
least a majority in principal  amount of the Outstanding  Securities,  by Act of
such Holders,  waive such compliance in such instance with such term,  provision
or condition,  but no such waiver shall extend to or affect such term, provision
or condition  except to the extent so expressly  waived,  and, until such waiver
shall become  effective,  the  obligations  of the Company and the duties of the
Trustee in respect of any such term, provision or condition shall remain in full
force and effect.

     Section 10.09 Additional Guarantors.

     The  Company  shall  cause  any  of  its   Subsidiaries   that   guarantees
Indebtedness under any Credit Facility to, as primary obligors and not merely as
sureties,  fully and  unconditionally  guarantee  pursuant to a Guarantee,  on a
senior  unsecured  basis,  the due and punctual  payment of all amounts  payable
under the Securities, when and if the same shall become due and payable, whether
at the Stated  Maturity,  by declaration  of  acceleration,  upon  redemption or
otherwise  by execution of an  indenture  supplemental  hereto  delivered to the
Trustee that adds such Subsidiary as a subsequent Guarantor.

                                   ARTICLE XI
                            REDEMPTION OF SECURITIES

     Section 11.01 Right of Redemption.

          (a) If, as the result of (1) any change in or  amendment  to the laws,
     regulations  or  published  tax  rulings of the United  Kingdom,  or of any
     political  subdivision or Taxing  authority  thereof or therein,  affecting
     taxation,  or any change in or  amendment  to the  official  or  unofficial
     administration,  application  or  interpretation  by a court  or  tribunal,
     government or  governmental  authority of the United  Kingdom of such laws,
     regulations or published tax rulings either generally or in relation to any
     Securities,  which change or amendment is announced or becomes effective on
     or  after  the  date  of  this   Indenture  or

                                       54
<PAGE>
     which change in official administration, application or interpretation by a
     court or  tribunal,  government  or  governmental  authority  of the United
     Kingdom  shall not have been  available  to the public  prior to such issue
     date and is  notified to the Company on or after such issue date (a "Change
     in Tax Law"), or (2) a Listing  Failure  provided that the Company has used
     reasonable best efforts to list and maintain a listing of the Securities on
     a  "recognized  stock  exchange"  (within the meaning of Section 841 of the
     United Kingdom Income and Corporation  Taxes Act 1988), it is determined by
     the  Company  that the  Company  would be  required  to pay any  Additional
     Amounts  pursuant to Section  10.04 of this  Indenture  or the terms of the
     Securities in respect of interest on the next succeeding  Interest  Payment
     Date, the Company may, at its option, redeem all (but not less than all) of
     the Securities at any time,  upon notice as provided in Section 11.05, at a
     Redemption Price equal to 100% of the principal amount thereof plus accrued
     and  unpaid  interest  and  Additional  Amounts,  if  any,  thereon  to but
     excluding  the  Redemption  Date;  provided  that  (a) no  such  notice  of
     redemption  may be given earlier than 60 days prior to the earliest date on
     which the Company would be obligated to pay such Additional  Amounts were a
     payment in respect of the Securities then due, and (b) at the time any such
     redemption notice is given, such obligation to pay such Additional  Amounts
     must remain in effect.  On and after the  Redemption  Date,  interest  will
     cease to accrue on  Securities  called  for  redemption  and  accepted  for
     payment  unless the Company shall default in the payment of the  Redemption
     Price and accrued interest.

          Prior to any  redemption  of the  Securities  pursuant to this Section
     11.01 (a), the Company or the Guarantors  shall provide the Trustee with an
     Opinion  of  Counsel  that the  conditions  precedent  to the  right of the
     Company or the Guarantors to redeem the Securities pursuant to this Section
     11.01(a) have occurred.  Such Opinion of Counsel shall be based on the laws
     and  application and  interpretation  thereof in effect on the date of such
     opinion or to become  effective on or before the next  succeeding  Interest
     Payment Date.

          (b) The Securities are redeemable,  in whole or in part, at the option
     of the  Company at any time at a  Redemption  Price equal to the greater of
     (i) 100% of the aggregate principal amount of the Securities to be redeemed
     and (ii) the sum of the present values of the remaining  scheduled payments
     of principal and interest on such  Securities to be redeemed  discounted to
     the  Redemption  Date on a  semi-annual  basis  (assuming  a  360-day  year
     consisting  of twelve  30-day  months) at the  Treasury  Rate plus 25 basis
     points,  plus,  in each case,  accrued and unpaid  interest and  Additional
     Amounts,  if any, thereon to but excluding the Redemption  Date;  provided,
     however,  that interest  installments due on an Interest Payment Date which
     is on or prior to the  Redemption  Date will be payable to Holders  who are
     Holders of record of such  Securities  as of the close of  business  on the
     Regular Record Date next preceding such Interest Payment Date.

          All determinations  made by any Reference Treasury Dealer with respect
     to determining the Redemption Price pursuant to this Section 11.01(b) shall
     be final and binding on the Company,  the  Guarantors,  the Trustee and the
     Holders absent manifest error.

                                       55
<PAGE>

     Section 11.02 Applicability of Article.

     Redemption of  Securities  at the election of the Company or otherwise,  as
permitted  or  required by any  provision  of this  Indenture,  shall be made in
accordance with such provision and this Article.

     Section 11.03 Election to Redeem; Notice to Trustee.

     The  election of the Company to redeem any  Securities  pursuant to Section
11.01 shall be evidenced by a Board Resolution. In case of any redemption at the
election  of the  Company,  the  Company  shall,  at least 45 days  prior to the
Redemption  Date  fixed  by the  Company  (unless  a  shorter  notice  shall  be
satisfactory to the Trustee),  notify the Trustee of such Redemption Date and of
the  principal  amount of  Securities  to be redeemed  and shall  deliver to the
Trustee such documentation and records as shall enable the Trustee to select the
Securities to be redeemed pursuant to Section 11.04.

     Section 11.04 Selection by Trustee of Securities to Be Redeemed.

     If  less  than  all  the  Securities  are to be  redeemed,  the  particular
Securities  to be redeemed  shall be selected not more than 60 days prior to the
Redemption Date by the Trustee,  from the Outstanding  Securities not previously
called for  redemption,  on a pro rata basis or such method as the Trustee shall
deem fair and appropriate and which may provide for the selection for redemption
of portions of the  principal of  Securities;  provided,  however,  that no such
partial  redemption  shall  reduce  the  portion  of the  principal  amount of a
Security not redeemed to less than US$1,000.

     In the event of  redemption  of a Security in part only, a new Security for
the unredeemed portion thereof shall be issued in the name of the Holder thereof
upon the cancellation thereof.

     The Trustee shall promptly  notify the Company in writing of the Securities
selected for redemption and, in the case of any Securities  selected for partial
redemption, the principal amount thereof to be redeemed.

     For all purposes of this Indenture,  unless the context otherwise requires,
all provisions relating to redemption of Securities shall relate, in the case of
any  Security  redeemed  or to be redeemed  only in part,  to the portion of the
principal amount of such Security which has been or is to be redeemed.

     Section 11.05 Notice of Redemption.

     Notice of redemption  shall be given in the manner  provided for in Section
1.06 not less than 30 nor more than 60 days prior to the Redemption Date to each
Holder of Securities to be redeemed.

All notices of redemption shall state:

          (a) the Redemption Date,

                                       56
<PAGE>

          (b) the Redemption Price and the amount of accrued and unpaid interest
     to the Redemption Date payable as provided in Section 11.07, if any,

          (c) if less than all  Outstanding  Securities are to be redeemed,  the
     identification  (and,  in the case of a partial  redemption,  the principal
     amounts) of the particular Securities to be redeemed,

          (d) in case any  Security is to be  redeemed in part only,  the notice
     which relates to such Security shall state that on and after the Redemption
     Date,  upon  surrender of such Security,  the holder will receive,  without
     charge,  a new Security or Securities of authorized  denominations  for the
     principal amount thereof remaining unredeemed,

          (e) that on the Redemption  Date,  the  Redemption  Price (and accrued
     interest,  if any, to the  Redemption  Date  payable as provided in Section
     11.07) will become due and payable upon each such Security,  or the portion
     thereof, to be redeemed,  and that interest thereon will cease to accrue on
     and after said date,

          (f) the place or places where such  Securities  are to be  surrendered
     for payment of the Redemption Price and accrued interest, if any, and

          (g) the CUSIP or CINS number, as the case may be.

     Notice of  redemption  of  Securities to be redeemed at the election of the
Company  shall be given by the  Company  or, at the  Company's  request,  by the
Trustee in the name and at the expense of the Company. As long as the Securities
are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of such stock exchange
require, the Company will give notice of such redemption to the Luxembourg Stock
Exchange and publish a notice of redemption in a Luxembourg newspaper of general
circulation.

     Section 11.06 Deposit of Redemption Price.

     On or prior to 12:00 noon (New York City time) on any Redemption  Date, the
Company  shall  deposit with the Trustee or with a Paying  Agent in  immediately
available funds, or, if the Company is acting as its own Paying Agent, segregate
and hold in trust as provided in Section 10.03, an amount of money sufficient to
pay the  Redemption  Price of, and  accrued  interest on or  Additional  Amounts
payable  with  respect to, all the  Securities  which are to be redeemed on that
date.

     Section 11.07 Securities Payable on Redemption Date.

     Notice of redemption  having been given as aforesaid,  the Securities so to
be  redeemed  shall,  on the  Redemption  Date,  become  due and  payable at the
Redemption Price therein specified  (together with accrued interest,  if any, to
the  Redemption  Date),  and from and after such date (unless the Company  shall
default in the  payment  of the  Redemption  Price and  accrued  interest)  such
Securities shall cease to bear interest. Upon surrender of any such Security for
redemption in accordance  with said notice,  such Security  shall be paid by the
Company at the Redemption  Price,  together with accrued  interest or Additional
Amounts, if any, to the Redemption Date; provided, however, that installments of
interest and  Additional  Amounts

                                       57
<PAGE>
whose Stated  Maturity is on or prior to the Redemption Date shall be payable to
the  Holders  of  such  Securities,  or  one  or  more  Predecessor  Securities,
registered  as such at the  close  of  business  on the  relevant  Record  Dates
according to their terms and the provisions of Section 3.09.

     If any Security  called for redemption  shall not be so paid upon surrender
thereof for redemption,  the principal (and premium,  if any) shall, until paid,
bear interest from the Redemption Date at the rate borne by the Securities.

     Section 11.08 Securities Redeemed in Part.

     Any Security  which is to be redeemed only in part shall be  surrendered at
the office or agency of the  Company  maintained  for such  purpose  pursuant to
Section 10.02 (with, if the Company or the Trustee so requires,  due endorsement
by, or a written  instrument of transfer in form satisfactory to the Company and
the Trustee duly executed by, the Holder thereof or such Holder's  attorney duly
authorized  in writing),  and the Company shall  execute,  and the Trustee shall
authenticate  and deliver to the Holder of such Security without service charge,
a new Security or  Securities,  of any authorized  denomination  as requested by
such  Holder,  in  aggregate  principal  amount equal to and in exchange for the
unredeemed portion of the principal of the Security so surrendered.

                                  ARTICLE XII
                       DEFEASANCE AND COVENANT DEFEASANCE

     Section 12.01 Company Option to Effect Defeasance or Covenant Defeasance.

     The  Company  may,  at its  option by Board  Resolution  at any time,  with
respect to the  Securities,  elect to have either Section 12.02 or Section 12.03
be applied to all Outstanding Securities upon compliance with the conditions set
forth below in this Article XII.

     Section 12.02 Defeasance and Discharge.

     Upon the Company's exercise under Section 12.01 of the option applicable to
this Section 12.02,  the Company and the Guarantors shall be deemed to have been
discharged from their obligations with respect to all Outstanding  Securities on
the date the conditions  set forth in Section 12.04 are satisfied  (hereinafter,
"defeasance"). For this purpose, such defeasance means that the Company shall be
deemed to have paid and  discharged the entire  indebtedness  represented by the
Outstanding  Securities,  which shall  thereafter be deemed to be  "Outstanding"
only for the purposes of Section 12.05 and the other  Sections of this Indenture
referred  to in (A)  and  (B)  below,  and  to  have  satisfied  all  its  other
obligations  under such Securities and this Indenture insofar as such Securities
are  concerned  (and the Trustee,  at the expense of the Company,  shall execute
proper instruments acknowledging the same), except for the following which shall
survive until otherwise  terminated or discharged  hereunder:  (A) the rights of
Holders  of  Outstanding  Securities  to  receive  payments  in  respect  of the
principal of and interest on such Securities when such payments are due, (B) the
Company's obligations with respect to such Securities under Sections 3.04, 3.05,
3.08 and 10.03,  (C) the rights,  powers,  trusts,  duties and immunities of the
Trustee hereunder,  (D) this Article XII and (E) the Company's obligation to pay
Additional Amounts under Section 10.04.  Subject to compliance with this Article
XII,  the

                                       58
<PAGE>
Company may exercise its option under this  Section  12.02  notwithstanding  the
prior exercise of its option under Section 12.03 with respect to the Securities.

     Section 12.03 Covenant Defeasance.

     Upon the Company's exercise under Section 12.01 of the option applicable to
this Section 12.03,  each of the Company and the Subsidiaries  shall be released
from its  obligations  under  any  covenant  contained  in  Section  8.01 and in
Sections 10.05 and 10.07 with respect to the Outstanding Securities on and after
the date the  conditions set forth below are satisfied  (hereinafter,  "covenant
defeasance"),   and  the  Securities  shall  thereafter  be  deemed  not  to  be
"Outstanding" for the purposes of any direction,  waiver, consent or declaration
or Act of Holders (and the  consequences of any thereof) in connection with such
covenants,  but shall continue to be deemed "Outstanding" for all other purposes
hereunder.  For this purpose,  such covenant defeasance means that, with respect
to the Outstanding Securities, the Company and any Subsidiary may omit to comply
with and shall have no liability in respect of any term, condition or limitation
set forth in any such covenant, whether directly or indirectly, by reason of any
reference elsewhere herein to any such covenant or by reason of any reference in
any such  covenant to any other  provision  herein or in any other  document and
such  omission to comply  shall not  constitute a Default or an Event of Default
under  Section  5.01(c) but,  except as specified  above,  the remainder of this
Indenture and such Securities shall be unaffected thereby.

     Section 12.04 Conditions to Defeasance or Covenant Defeasance.

     The following  shall be the  conditions to  application  of either  Section
12.02 or Section 12.03 to the Outstanding Securities:

          (a) The Company shall  irrevocably have deposited with the Trustee (or
     another trustee satisfying the requirements of Section 6.08 who shall agree
     to comply with the  provisions  of this  Article XII  applicable  to it) as
     trust funds in trust,  for the  benefit of the Holders of such  Securities,
     (A) money in an amount,  or (B) U.S.  Government  Obligations  (as  defined
     herein)  that  through the  scheduled  payment of  principal  and  interest
     thereon  will provide  money in an amount,  or (C) a  combination  thereof,
     sufficient,  in the opinion of a nationally  recognized firm of independent
     public accountants  expressed in a written  certification thereof delivered
     to the Trustee,  to pay and  discharge the principal of and interest on the
     Outstanding  Securities on the Stated Maturity (or upon Redemption Date, if
     applicable) of such principal or installment of interest; provided that the
     Trustee shall have been  irrevocably  instructed to apply such money or the
     proceeds of such U.S. Government  Obligations to said payments with respect
     to the  Securities.  Before  such a deposit,  the  Company  may give to the
     Trustee,  in accordance with Section 11.03 hereof, a notice of its election
     to redeem all of the Outstanding  Securities at a future date in accordance
     with Article XI hereof, which notice shall be irrevocable. Such irrevocable
     redemption  notice,  if  given,  shall  be given  effect  in  applying  the
     foregoing. For this purpose, "U.S. Government Obligations" means securities
     that are (x) direct obligations of the United States for the timely payment
     of which its full  faith and  credit is  pledged  or (y)  obligations  of a
     Person   controlled   or   supervised   by  and  acting  as  an  agency  or
     instrumentality  of the  United  States  the  timely  payment  of  which is
     unconditionally  guaranteed  as a full faith and credit  obligation  by

                                       59
<PAGE>
     the United States, which, in either case, are not callable or redeemable at
     the  option of the issuer  thereof,  and shall  also  include a  depository
     receipt  issued by a bank (as defined in Section  3(a)(2) of the Securities
     Act), as custodian with respect to any such U.S. Government Obligation or a
     specific  payment of principal  of or interest on any such U.S.  Government
     Obligation  held by such  custodian  for the  account of the holder of such
     depository  receipt,  provided  that  (except  as  required  by  law)  such
     custodian is not  authorized to make any deduction  from the amount payable
     to the holder of such  depository  receipt from any amount  received by the
     custodian  in respect of the U.S.  Government  Obligation  or the  specific
     payment of  principal  of or  interest  on the U.S.  Government  Obligation
     evidenced by such depository receipt.

          (b) No  Default  or Event of Default  with  respect to the  Securities
     shall have  occurred  and be  continuing  on the date of such  deposit  or,
     insofar as paragraphs (d) and (e) of Section 5.01 hereof are concerned,  at
     any time  during the  period  ending on the 91st day after the date of such
     deposit  (it  being  understood  that  this  condition  shall not be deemed
     satisfied until the expiration of such period).

          (c) Such  defeasance  or  covenant  defeasance  shall not  result in a
     breach or violation of, or constitute a default  under,  this  Indenture or
     any other  material  agreement  or  instrument  to which the Company or any
     Guarantor is a party or by which the Company or any Guarantor is bound.

          (d) In the case of an election under Section 12.02,  the Company shall
     have  delivered to the Trustee (1) an Opinion of Counsel to the effect that
     (i) the  Holders  of the  Securities  of the  applicable  series  will  not
     recognize  income,  gain or loss  for  United  States  federal  income  tax
     purposes as a result of the exercise of the option under  Section 12.02 and
     will be subject to United States  federal income tax on the same amount and
     in the same  manner  and at the same  times as would  have been the case if
     such  option had not been  exercised,  and (ii)  either (A) the Company has
     received  from, or there has been  published by the United States  Internal
     Revenue  Service,  a ruling  to that  effect,  or (B) since the date of the
     Indenture,  there has been a change in the applicable United States federal
     income tax law;  and (2) an  Opinion of Counsel to the effect  that (i) the
     creation of the defeasance  trust does not violate the  Investment  Company
     Act of 1940 and (ii) after the  passage of 123 days  following  the deposit
     (except,  with respect to any trust funds for the account of any Holder who
     may be  deemed to be  "connected"  with the  Company  for  purposes  of the
     Insolvency  Act of 1986 after two years  following the deposit),  the trust
     funds will not be subject to the effect of Section 547 of the United States
     Bankruptcy  Code or Section 15 of the New York Debtor and  Creditor Law and
     either  (x) the trust  funds  will no longer  remain  the  property  of the
     Company (and  therefore will not be subject to the effect of any applicable
     bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar laws affecting creditors'
     rights  generally) or (y) if a court were to rule under any such law in any
     case or proceeding  that the trust funds  remained  property of the Company
     (I) assuming  such trust funds  remained in the  possession  of the Trustee
     prior to such  court  ruling to the  extent  not paid to the  Holders,  the
     Trustee will hold,  for the benefit of the Holders,  a valid and  perfected
     security  interest in such trust funds that is not  avoidable in bankruptcy
     or otherwise  and (II) no property,  rights in property or other  interests
     granted to the Trustee or the Holders in exchange  for, or with respect to,
     such trust  funds  will be

                                       60
<PAGE>
     subject to any prior rights of holders of other indebtedness of the Company
     or any of its Securities.

          (e) In the case of an election  under Section  12.03,  the Company has
     delivered  to the  Trustee an Opinion of Counsel to the effect that (1) the
     creation of the defeasance  trust does not violate the  Investment  Company
     Act of 1940,  (2) the Holders will not recognize  income,  gain or loss for
     United States  federal  income tax purposes as a result of such deposit and
     the  defeasance of the  obligations  referred to in the first  paragraph of
     Section  12.03 and will be subject to United States  federal  income tax on
     the same  amount and in the same manner and at the same times as would have
     been the case if such deposit and defeasance had not occurred and (3) after
     the passage of 123 days  following the deposit  (except with respect to any
     trust  funds  for  the  account  of any  Holder  who  may be  deemed  to be
     "connected"  with the Company for  purposes of the  Insolvency  Act of 1986
     after two years following the deposit), the trust funds will not be subject
     to the  effect of  Section  547 of the  United  States  Bankruptcy  Code or
     Section 15 of the New York  Debtor  and  Creditor  Law,  and either (A) the
     trust  funds  will no  longer  remain  the  property  of the  Company  (and
     therefore will not be subject to the effect of any  applicable  bankruptcy,
     insolvency,  reorganization  or similar laws  affecting  creditors'  rights
     generally) or (B) if a court were to rule under any such law in any case or
     proceeding  that the trust  funds  remained  property  of the  Company  (i)
     assuming such trust funds  remained in the  possession of the Trustee prior
     to such court  ruling to the extent not paid to the  Holders,  the  Trustee
     will hold, for the benefit of the Holders,  a valid and perfected  security
     interest  in such  trust  funds  that is not  avoidable  in  bankruptcy  or
     otherwise  and (ii) no  property,  rights in  property  or other  interests
     granted to the Trustee or the Holders in exchange  for, or with respect to,
     such trust  funds  will be subject to any prior  rights or holders of other
     indebtedness of the Company or any of its Securities.

          (f) If at such time the Securities are listed on a national securities
     exchange, the Company has delivered to the Trustee an Opinion of Counsel to
     the effect  that the  Securities  will not be  delisted  as a result of the
     Company's exercise of its option under Section 12.02; and

          (g) The  Company  shall have  delivered  to the  Trustee an  Officers'
     Certificate  and an Opinion of Counsel,  each stating  that all  conditions
     precedent  provided for  relating to either the  defeasance  under  Section
     12.02 or the covenant  defeasance  under Section 12.03, as the case may be,
     have been complied with.

     Section 12.05 Deposited Money and U.S. Government Obligations to Be Held in
Trust; Other Miscellaneous Provisions.

     Subject to the provisions of the last paragraph of Section 10.03, all money
and U.S. Government  Obligations (including the proceeds thereof) deposited with
the Trustee (or other  qualifying  trustee,  collectively  for  purposes of this
Section  12.05,  the  "Trustee")  pursuant  to  Section  12.04 in respect of the
Outstanding  Securities  shall be held in trust and applied by the  Trustee,  in
accordance  with the provisions of such  Securities and this  Indenture,  to the
payment,  either  directly or through any Paying  Agent  (including  the Company
acting as its own Paying Agent) as the Trustee may determine,  to the Holders of
such  Securities  of all  sums due and to

                                       61
<PAGE>
become due thereon in respect of principal, interest and Additional Amounts, but
such money need not be segregated from other funds except to the extent required
by law.

     The Company  shall pay and  indemnify  the Trustee  against any tax, fee or
other charge imposed on or assessed  against the U.S.  Governmental  Obligations
deposited  pursuant to Section 12.04 or the  principal and interest  received in
respect thereof other than any such tax, fee or other charge which by law is for
the account of the Holders of the Outstanding Securities.

     Anything in this Article XII to the contrary  notwithstanding,  the Trustee
shall  deliver or pay to the Company from time to time upon Company  Request any
money  or U.S.  Government  Obligations  (or  other  property  and any  proceeds
therefrom)  held by it as provided in Section  12.04 which,  in the opinion of a
nationally  recognized  firm of independent  public  accountants  expressed in a
written  certification  thereof  delivered to the Trustee,  are in excess of the
amount  thereof  which  would  then be  required  to be  deposited  to effect an
equivalent defeasance or covenant defeasance,  as applicable, in accordance with
this Article.

     Section 12.06 Reinstatement.

     If the  Trustee  or any  Paying  Agent  is  unable  to apply  any  money in
accordance with Section 12.05 by reason of any order or judgment of any court or
governmental  authority  enjoining,  restraining or otherwise  prohibiting  such
application,   then  the  Company  obligations  under  this  Indenture  and  the
Securities  shall be revived and  reinstated  as though no deposit had  occurred
pursuant to Section  12.02 or 12.03,  as the case may be, until such time as the
Trustee or Paying Agent is permitted to apply all such money in accordance  with
Section  12.05;  provided,  however,  that if the  Company  makes any payment of
principal  of,  interest on or  Additional  Amounts with respect to any Security
following the reinstatement of its obligations,  the Company shall be subrogated
to the rights of the Holders of such Securities to receive such payment from the
money held by the Trustee or Paying Agent.

                                  ARTICLE XIII
                              SECURITIES GUARANTEES

     Section 13.01 Unconditional Guarantee.

     Subject to the  provisions of this Article  XIII,  the  Guarantors  hereby,
jointly  and  severally,   unconditionally   and  irrevocably   guarantee  (such
guarantees  to be  referred  to  herein  as  "Guarantees")  to each  Holder of a
Security  authenticated  and delivered by the Trustee and to the Trustee and its
successors and assigns,  irrespective of the validity and enforceability of this
Indenture,  the  Securities or the  obligations of the Company to the Holders or
the Trustee hereunder or thereunder, that: (a) the principal of, interest on and
Additional  Amounts with respect to the Securities  shall be duly and punctually
paid in full when due,  whether at maturity,  upon  redemption  at the option of
Holders  pursuant to the  provisions  of the  Securities  relating  thereto,  by
acceleration  or  otherwise,  and interest on the overdue  principal and (to the
extent permitted by law) interest,  if any, and Additional  Amounts with respect
to the Securities and all other  obligations of the Company or the Guarantors to
the Holders or the Trustee  hereunder or thereunder  (including  amounts due the
Trustee  hereunder) and all other  Obligations shall be promptly paid in full or
performed,  all in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof; and

                                       62
<PAGE>
(b) in case of any extension of time of payment or renewal of any  Securities or
any of such other Obligations,  the same shall be promptly paid in full when due
or performed in accordance  with the terms of the extension or renewal,  whether
at maturity,  by  acceleration  or  otherwise.  Failing  payment when due of any
amount so  guaranteed,  or failing  performance  of any other  Obligation of the
Company  to the  Holders  under  this  Indenture  or under the  Securities,  for
whatever  reason,  the  Guarantors  shall be  obligated to pay, or to perform or
cause the performance of, the same  immediately.  An Event of Default under this
Indenture  or the  Securities  shall  constitute  an event of default  under the
Guarantees,  and shall  entitle  the Holders of  Securities  to  accelerate  the
obligations  of the  Guarantors  hereunder  in the same  manner  and to the same
extent as the obligations of the Company.

     The Guarantees will be senior  unsecured  obligations of the Guarantors and
will rank pari  passu in right of  payment  with all other  existing  and future
senior unsecured obligations of the Guarantors.

     The  Guarantors  hereby  agree that their  obligations  hereunder  shall be
unconditional, irrespective of the validity, regularity or enforceability of the
Securities or this Indenture, the absence of any action to enforce the same, any
waiver or consent by any Holder of the Securities with respect to any provisions
hereof or thereof,  the recovery of any judgment against the Company, any action
to enforce  the same,  whether or not a Guarantee  is affixed to any  particular
Security,  or any other circumstance which might otherwise constitute a legal or
equitable  discharge or defense of a Guarantor.  The Guarantors hereby waive the
benefit of diligence,  presentment,  demand of payment,  filing of claims with a
court in the event of  insolvency  or  bankruptcy  of the Company,  any right to
require a proceeding first against the Company,  protest, notice and all demands
whatsoever and covenants that the Guarantees  shall not be discharged  except by
complete  performance  of the  obligations  contained  in the  Securities,  this
Indenture and this  Guarantee.  This Guarantee is a guarantee of payment and not
of  collection.  Each  Guarantor  further agrees that, as between it, on the one
hand,  and the Holders of  Securities  and the Trustee,  on the other hand,  (a)
subject to this Article XIII, the maturity of the obligations  guaranteed hereby
may be  accelerated  as  provided  in Article V hereof for the  purposes of this
Guarantee,  notwithstanding any stay, injunction or other prohibition preventing
such acceleration in respect of the obligations  guaranteed  hereby,  and (b) in
the event of any  acceleration  of such  obligations  as  provided  in Article V
hereof, such obligations (whether or not due and payable) shall forthwith become
due and payable by the Guarantors for the purpose of this Guarantee.

     The obligations of the Guarantors  hereunder shall continue to be effective
or shall be  reinstated,  as the case may be, if at any time any  payment  which
would  otherwise  have  reduced  the  obligations  of the  Guarantors  hereunder
(whether  such payment shall have been made by or on behalf of the Company or by
or on  behalf of the  Guarantors)  is  rescinded  or  reclaimed  from any of the
Holders upon the insolvency,  bankruptcy,  liquidation or  reorganization of the
Company or any  Guarantor  otherwise,  all as though  such  payment had not been
made. If demand for, or acceleration of the time for,  payment by the Company is
stayed upon the insolvency,  bankruptcy,  liquidation or  reorganization  of the
Company,  all such  indebtedness  otherwise  subject  to demand  for  payment or
acceleration shall nonetheless be payable by the Guarantors as provided herein.

                                       63
<PAGE>

     Section 13.02 Limitations on Guarantees.

     The obligations of the Guarantors under their Guarantees are limited to the
maximum  amount  which,  after giving effect to all other  contingent  and fixed
liabilities  of  each  Guarantors  (including  without  limitation,   any  other
Guarantor  senior debt) will result in the  obligations of the Guarantors  under
the Guarantees not constituting a fraudulent  conveyance or fraudulent  transfer
under federal or state law.

     Section 13.03 Execution and Delivery of Guarantees.

     To  further  evidence  the  Guarantees  set  forth in  Section  13.01,  the
Guarantors hereby agree that a notation of such guarantee,  substantially in the
form  set  forth  in  Exhibit  A  hereto,  shall be  endorsed  on each  Security
authenticated and delivered by the Trustee. Such Guarantees shall be executed on
behalf of the  Guarantors by either manual of facsimile  signature of an officer
of each  Guarantor  who shall have been duly  authorized  to so  executed by all
requisite  corporation  action. The validity and enforceability of any Guarantee
shall not be  affected  by the fact  that it is not  affixed  to any  particular
Security.

     The  Guarantors  hereby  agree that the  Guarantees  set forth in Exhibit A
shall remain in full force and effect  notwithstanding any failure to endorse on
each Security a notation of such Guarantee.

     If an officer of a Guarantor  whose  signature  is on this  Indenture  or a
Guarantee no longer holds that office at the time the Trustee  authenticates the
Security on which such  Guarantee  is endorsed  or at any time  thereafter,  the
Guarantor's Guarantee of such Security shall nevertheless be valid.

     The  delivery of any  Security  by the  Trustee,  after the  authentication
thereof  hereunder,  shall constitute due delivery of any Guarantee set forth in
this Indenture on behalf of the Guarantors.

     Section 13.04 Release of the Guarantors.

          (a) Upon the  consolidation  or merger of a Guarantor with or into any
     Person,  or the  transfer,  sale,  lease  or  other  disposition  of all or
     substantially  all of its assets to any Person in  compliance  with Article
     VIII,  such  Guarantor's  Guarantee  will be  automatically  discharged and
     released from all  obligations  under this Article XIII without any further
     action  required  on the  part  of the  Trustee  or any  Holder;  provided,
     however,   the  successor   Person   expressly   assumes  such  Guarantor's
     obligations  under  the  Guarantee,  under  the  Indenture  and  under  the
     Registration Rights Agreement pursuant to Article VIII.

          (b) The Trustee shall deliver an appropriate instrument evidencing the
     release  of a  Guarantor  upon  receipt  of a request  by the  Company or a
     Guarantor accompanied by an Officers' Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel
     certifying as to the compliance  with this Section 13.04 and the provisions
     of Article VIII; provided,  however, that the legal counsel delivering such
     Opinion of Counsel may rely as to matters of fact on one or more  Officers'
     Certificates of the Company.

                                       64
<PAGE>

     The Trustee shall execute any documents reasonably requested by the Company
or a Guarantor  in order to  evidence  the  release of such  Guarantor  from its
obligations  under its  Guarantee  endorsed  on the  Securities  and under  this
Article XIII.

     Section 13.05 Waiver of Subrogation.

     Until this Indenture is discharged and all of the Securities are discharged
and paid in full,  the  Guarantors  hereby  irrevocably  waive  and agree not to
exercise  any claim or other  rights  which  they may now or  hereafter  acquire
against the  Company  that arise from the  existence,  payment,  performance  or
enforcement of the Company's  obligations under the Securities or this Indenture
and the Guarantors'  obligations under the Guarantees and this Indenture, in any
such  instance  including,   without  limitation,   any  right  of  subrogation,
reimbursement,  exoneration,  contribution,  indemnification,  and any  right to
participate in any claim or remedy of the Holders  against the Company,  whether
or not such claim, remedy or right arises in equity, or under contract,  statute
or common law, including,  without limitation, the right to take or receive from
the Company,  directly or indirectly, in cash or other property or by set-off or
in any other  manner,  payment  or  security  on  account of such claim or other
rights. If any amount shall be paid to a Guarantor in violation of the preceding
sentence and any amounts owing to the Trustee or the Holders of Securities, this
Indenture,  or any other document or instrument delivered under or in connection
with such  agreements  or  instruments,  shall not have been paid in full,  such
amount  shall  have been  deemed to have  been  paid to such  Guarantor  for the
benefit of, and held in trust for the benefit of, the Trustee or the Holders and
shall forthwith be paid to the Trustee for the benefit of itself or such Holders
to be  credited  and applied to the  obligations  in favor of the Trustee or the
Holders,  as the case may be, whether  matured or unmatured,  in accordance with
the terms of this Indenture.  Each Guarantor  acknowledges  that it will receive
direct and indirect  benefits from the financing  arrangements  contemplated  by
this  Indenture and that the waiver set forth in this Section 13.05 is knowingly
made in contemplation of such benefits. Section 13.06 Immediate Payment.

     Each Guarantor agrees to make immediate payment to the Trustee on behalf of
the Holders of all Obligations  owing or payable to the respective  Holders upon
receipt of a demand for  payment  therefor by the  Trustee to the  Guarantor  in
writing.

     Section 13.07 No Set-Off.

     Each  payment  to be  made  by a  Guarantor  hereunder  in  respect  of its
obligations  shall be  payable  in the  currency  or  currencies  in which  such
obligations are denominated,  and shall be made without  set-off,  counterclaim,
reduction or diminution of any kind or nature.

     Section 13.08 Obligations Absolute.

     The  obligations of the Guarantors  hereunder are and shall be absolute and
unconditional  and any monies or amounts expressed to be owing or payable by the
Guarantors  hereunder  which may not be  recoverable  from the Guarantors on the
basis of a  Guarantee  shall be  recoverable  from the  Guarantor  as a  primary
obligor and principal debtor in respect thereof.

                                       65
<PAGE>

     The  Obligations of the Guarantors  hereunder shall be continuing and shall
remain in full force and  effect  until all the  Obligations  have been paid and
satisfied in full.

     Section 13.09 Obligations Not Reduced.

     The obligations of the Guarantors hereunder shall not be satisfied, reduced
or  discharged  solely by the payment of such  principal,  interest,  Additional
Amounts,  fees and other monies or amounts as may at any time prior to discharge
of this  Indenture  pursuant to Article XIII be or become owing or payable under
or by  virtue  of or  otherwise  in  connection  with  the  Securities  or  this
Indenture.

     Section 13.10 [Intentionally Omitted]

     Section 13.11 Obligations Not Affected.

     The obligations of the Guarantors hereunder shall not be affected, impaired
or  diminished  in any way by any act,  omission,  matter  or thing  whatsoever,
occurring before, upon or after any demand for payment hereunder (and whether or
not known or consented to by the  Guarantors or any of the Holders)  which,  but
for this  provision,  might  constitute  a whole or  partial  defense to a claim
against  the  Guarantors  hereunder  or might  operate to  release or  otherwise
exonerate the Guarantors  from any of their  obligations  hereunder or otherwise
affect such obligations,  whether occasioned by default of any of the Holders or
otherwise, including, without limitation:

          (a) any limitation of status or power, disability, incapacity or other
     circumstance  relating to the Company or any other  Person,  including  any
     insolvency,   bankruptcy,   liquidation,   reorganization,    readjustment,
     composition,  dissolution,  winding-up  or other  proceeding  involving  or
     affecting the Company or any other Person;

          (b)  any  irregularity,  defect,  unenforceability  or  invalidity  in
     respect of any indebtedness or other obligation of the Company or any other
     Person  under this  Indenture,  the  Securities  or any other  document  or
     instrument;

          (c) any failure of the  Company,  whether or not without  fault on its
     part, to perform or comply with any of the  provisions of this Indenture or
     the Securities, or to give notice thereof to the Guarantor;

          (d) the taking or enforcing or exercising or the refusal or neglect to
     take or enforce or exercise any right or remedy from or against the Company
     or any other Person or their respective  assets or the release or discharge
     of any such right or remedy;

          (e)  the  granting  of  time,   renewals,   extensions,   compromises,
     concessions,  waivers,  releases,  discharges and other  indulgences to the
     Company or any other Person;

          (f) any change in the time,  manner or place of payment  of, or in any
     other term of, any of the Securities,  or any other  amendment,  variation,
     supplement, replacement or waiver of, or any consent to departure from, any
     of the Securities of this Indenture,  including,  without  limitation,  any
     increase or decrease in the principal  amount of, interest on or Additional
     Amounts with respect to any of the Securities;

                                       66
<PAGE>

          (g) any change in the ownership,  control, name, objects,  businesses,
     assets, capital structure or constitution of the Company or the Guarantors;

          (h) except as  provided  herein,  any merger or  consolidation  of the
     Company or any Guarantor with any Person or Persons;

          (i) the  occurrence of any change in the laws,  rules,  regulations or
     ordinances  of any  jurisdiction  by any  present  or future  action of any
     governmental  authority or court amending,  varying,  reducing or otherwise
     affecting, or purporting to amend, vary, reduce or otherwise affect, any of
     the  Obligations  under this Indenture or the obligations of the Guarantors
     under the Guarantees; and

          (j) any other  circumstance,  including release of the Guarantor other
     than pursuant to Section 13.04, that might otherwise  constitute a legal or
     equitable  discharge or defense of the Company under this  Indenture or the
     Securities or of the Guarantors in respect of its Guarantees hereunder.

     Section 13.12 Waiver.

     Without in any way limiting the  provisions of Section  13.01  hereof,  the
Guarantors hereby waive notice of acceptance hereof,  notice of any liability of
the  Guarantors  hereunder,  notice or proof of reliance by the Holders upon the
obligations of the Guarantors hereunder, and diligence,  presentment, demand for
payment on the Company, protest, notice of dishonor or non-payment of any of the
Obligations,  or other notice or formalities to the Company or the Guarantors of
any kind whatsoever.

     Section 13.13 No Obligation To Take Action Against the Company.

     Neither the  Trustee  nor any other  Person  shall have any  obligation  to
enforce or exhaust  any rights or  remedies or to take any other steps under any
security for the Obligations  under this Indenture or against the Company or any
other  Person or any  property  of the  Company or any other  Person  before the
Trustee is entitled to demand payment and performance by the Guarantors of their
liabilities  and  obligations  under their  respective  Guarantees or under this
Indenture.

     Section 13.14 Dealing with the Company and Others.

     The  Holders,  without  releasing,   discharging,   limiting  or  otherwise
affecting in whole or in part the  obligations and liabilities of the Guarantors
hereunder and without the consent of or notice to any Guarantor, may:

          (a)  grant  time,  renewals,  extensions,  compromises,   concessions,
     waivers,  releases,  discharges and other indulgences to the Company or any
     other Person;

          (b) take or  abstain  from  taking  security  or  collateral  from the
     Company or from perfecting security or collateral of the Company;

                                       67
<PAGE>

          (c) release, discharge, compromise, realize, enforce or otherwise deal
     with or do any act or thing in respect  of (with or without  consideration)
     any and all collateral, mortgages or other security given by the Company or
     any third party with respect to the obligations or matters  contemplated by
     this Indenture or the Securities;

          (d) accept compromises or arrangements from the Company;

          (e) apply all monies at any time received from the Company or from any
     security  upon such part of the  obligations  as the Holders may see fit or
     change  any such  application  in whole or in part from time to time as the
     Holders may see fit; and

          (f) otherwise  deal with, or waive or modify their right to deal with,
     the  Company and all other  Persons and any  security as the Holders or the
     Trustee may see fit.

     Section 13.15 Default and Enforcement.

     If a Guarantor  fails to pay in accordance  with Section 13.06 hereof,  the
Trustee may proceed in its name as trustee  hereunder in the  enforcement of the
Guarantees of such  Guarantor and such  Guarantor's  obligations  thereunder and
hereunder  by any  remedy  provided  by law,  whether  by legal  proceedings  or
otherwise, and to recover from the Guarantors the Obligations.

     Section 13.16 Amendment, Etc.

     No amendment,  modification  or waiver of any  provision of this  Indenture
relating to the  Guarantors or consent to any departure by the Guarantors or any
other Person from any such provision will in any event be effective unless it is
signed by the Guarantors and the Trustee.

     Section 13.17 Acknowledgement.

     Each  Guarantor  hereby  acknowledges  communication  of the  terms of this
Indenture and the Securities and consents to and approves of the same.

     Section 13.18 No Merger or Waiver; Cumulative Remedies.

     No Guarantee  shall operate by way of merger of any of the  obligations  of
the Guarantors under any other agreement,  including,  without limitation,  this
Indenture. No failure to exercise and no delay in exercising, on the part of the
Trustee or the Holders, any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder or under
this Indenture or the Securities,  shall operate as a waiver thereof;  nor shall
any  single  or  partial  exercise  of any  right,  remedy,  power or  privilege
hereunder  or under  this  Indenture  or the  Securities  preclude  any other or
further  exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right,  remedy,  power or
privilege.  The rights,  remedies,  powers and  privileges in the Guarantees and
under this  Indenture,  the  Securities  and any other  document  or  instrument
between the Guarantors and/or the Company and the Trustee are cumulative and not
exclusive of any rights, remedies, powers and privilege provided by law.

                                       68
<PAGE>

     Section 13.19 Survival of Obligations.

     Without  prejudice to the survival of any of the other  obligations  of the
Guarantors  hereunder,  the  obligations of the  Guarantors  under Section 13.01
shall survive the payment in full of the  Obligations  under this  Indenture and
shall be enforceable against the Guarantors without regard to and without giving
effect to any defense, right of offset or counterclaim available to or which may
be asserted by the Company or the Guarantors.

     Section 13.20 Guarantee in Addition to Other Obligations.

     The  obligations of the Guarantors  under the Guarantees and this Indenture
are in  addition to and not in  substitution  for any other  obligations  to the
Trustee or to any of the Holders in relation to this Indenture or the Securities
and any  guarantees or security at any time held by or for the benefit of any of
them.

     Section 13.21 Severability.

     Any provision of this Article XIII which is prohibited or  unenforceable in
any  jurisdiction  shall not  invalidate  the remaining  provisions and any such
prohibition  or  unenforceability  in any  jurisdiction  shall not invalidate or
render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction unless its removal
would  substantially  defeat  the  basic  intent,  spirit  and  purpose  of this
Indenture and this Article XIII. In case any provision of any Guarantee shall be
invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality, and enforceability of
the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby.

     Section 13.22 Successors and Assigns.

     Each  Guarantee  shall be  binding  upon and  inure to the  benefit  of the
Guarantor  and the Trustee and the other Holders and the other Holders and their
respective  successors  and  permitted  assigns,  except that the  Guarantor may
assign any of its obligations hereunder or thereunder.












                                       69
<PAGE>

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Indenture to be
duly executed as of the day and year first above written.

                                  AMVESCAP PLC


                                   By   /s/ ROBERT F. MCCULLOUGH
                                     -------------------------------------------
                                     Name:      Robert F. McCullough
                                     Title:     Chief Financial Officer

                                   A I M MANAGEMENT GROUP INC.


                                   By   /s/ DAWN M. HAWLEY
                                     -------------------------------------------
                                     Name:      Dawn M. Hawley
                                     Title:     Senior Vice President and Chief
                                                Financial Officer

                                   A I M ADVISORS, INC.


                                   By   /s/ DAWN M. HAWLEY
                                     -------------------------------------------
                                     Name:      Dawn M. Hawley
                                     Title:     Senior Vice President and Chief
                                                Financial Officer

                                   INVESCO INSTITUTIONAL (N.A.), INC.


                                   By   /s/ JOHN D. ROGERS
                                     -------------------------------------------
                                     Name:      John D. Rogers
                                     Title:     President and CEO

                                   INVESCO NORTH AMERICAN HOLDINGS, INC.


                                   By   /s/ ROBERT F. MCCULLOUGH
                                     -------------------------------------------
                                     Name:      Robert F. McCullough
                                     Title:     Chief Financial Officer



<PAGE>


                                   SUNTRUST BANK, as Trustee.


                                   By  /s/ JACK ELLERIN
                                     -------------------------------------------
                                     Name:      Jack Ellerin
                                     Title:     Assistant Vice President


<PAGE>
                                                                       EXHIBIT A

                               [FACE OF SECURITY]

                                  AMVESCAP PLC

                    5.375% Senior Note Due 2013[, Series B]**

CUSIP ______________

No. _______                                                 US$_________________

     AMVESCAP  PLC, a  corporation  formed under the laws of the United  Kingdom
(the   "Company",   which  term  includes  any  successor  under  the  Indenture
hereinafter referred to), for value received, promises to pay to ___________, or
its       registered       assigns,       the       principal       sum       of
____________________________________ (US$___________), on ____________, ____.


          [Initial Interest Rate: % per annum.]*

          [Interest Rate: % per annum.]**

          Interest Payment Dates: ________ and _________ of each year
                                  commencing _________.

          Regular Record Dates:   ________ and _________ of each year.

     Reference  is hereby made to the further  provisions  of this  Security set
forth on the reverse  hereof,  which further  provisions  shall for all purposes
have the same effect as if set forth at this place.






-----------------
*  Include only for Initial Securities.
** Include only for Exchange Securities.


                                      A-1
<PAGE>


     IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  the  Company  has caused  this  Security to be signed
manually or by facsimile by its duly authorized officer.

Date: ______________                                 AMVESCAP PLC


                                                 By: __________________________
                                                     Title:

















                                      A-2
<PAGE>



                (Form of Trustee's Certificate of Authentication)




     This is one of the 5.375% Senior Notes Due 2013[,  Series B]** described in
the within-mentioned Indenture.


                                  SUNTRUST BANK


                                               By: _____________________________
                                                      Authorized Signatory












                                      A-3
<PAGE>


                           [REVERSE SIDE OF SECURITY]

                                  AMVESCAP PLC

                   5.375% Senior Notes Due 2013[, Series B]**



1.   Principal and Interest.
     ----------------------

     The Company will pay the principal of this Security on February 27, 2013.

     The  Company  promises  to pay  interest  on the  principal  amount of this
Security on each  Interest  Payment  Date,  as set forth  below,  at the rate of
5.375% per annum [(subject to adjustment as provided below)]*

     Interest  will be  payable  semiannually  (to the  holders of record of the
Securities  (or any  predecessor  Securities)  at the close of  business  on the
February 12 or August 12  immediately  preceding  the Interest  Payment Date) on
each Interest Payment Date, commencing August 27, 2003.

     [The  Holder  of  this   Security  is  entitled  to  the  benefits  of  the
Registration Rights Agreement,  dated February 27, 2003, among the Company,  the
Guarantors and the Initial  Purchasers named therein (the  "Registration  Rights
Agreement").  In the event  that  either  (a) the  Exchange  Offer  Registration
Statement is not filed with the Securities  and Exchange  Commission on or prior
to May 28, 2003, (b) the Exchange Offer  Registration  Statement is not declared
effective  on or  prior  to  July  27,  2003,  (c)  the  Exchange  Offer  is not
consummated on or prior to August 26, 2003, (d) the Shelf Registration Statement
is not declared effective on or prior to August 26, 2003 or (e) any registration
statement  required by the  Registration  Rights Agreement is filed and declared
effective  but shall  thereafter  cease to be  effective  and such  registration
statement  ceases  to be  effective  for  more  than  60  days  (whether  or not
consecutive) in any 12-month period (except as specifically  provided herein and
in the Registration Rights Agreement) without being succeeded  immediately by an
additional  registration  statement filed and declared  effective,  the interest
rate borne by this  Security  shall be  increased  by 0.25% per annum.  Upon the
filing of the Exchange Offer  Registration  Statement,  the effectiveness of the
Exchange Offer Registration  Statement,  the consummation of the Exchange Offer,
or the effectiveness of a Shelf Registration  Statement, as the case may be, the
interest rate borne by this Security from the date of such filing,  consummation
or  effectiveness,  as the case may be, will be reduced to the original interest
rate set forth  above;  provided,  however,  that,  if after such  reduction  in
interest rate, a different  event specified in clause (a), (b), (c), (d) or (e),
above occurs, the interest rate may again be increased pursuant to the foregoing
provisions.]*

     Interest  on this  Security  will accrue from the most recent date to which
interest has been paid [on this Security or the Security surrendered in exchange
herefor]** or, if no interest has been paid, from __________;  provided that, if
there is no existing  default in the payment of interest and if this Security is
authenticated  between a Regular  Record Date referred to on the face hereof and
the next  succeeding  Interest  Payment  Date,  interest  shall accrue from such

                                      A-4
<PAGE>
Interest Payment Date.  Interest will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year
of twelve 30-day months.

     Under certain circumstances described in the Indenture,  the Company or the
Guarantors also shall pay Additional  Amounts to the Holders of Securities equal
to an amount  that the  Company or  Guarantors  may be  required  to withhold or
deduct  for or on  account of Taxes  imposed  by a Taxing  authority  within the
United  Kingdom from any payment made under or with respect to the Securities or
the Guarantees.

     The Company shall pay interest on overdue principal and interest on overdue
installments of interest and Additional Amounts, to the extent lawful, at a rate
per annum equal to the rate of interest applicable to the Securities.

2.   Method of Payment.
     -----------------

     The Company will pay interest (except defaulted  interest) on the principal
amount of the  Securities  on each  February 27 and August 27 to the persons who
are Holders (as  reflected in the Security  Register at the close of business on
the February 12 and August 12 immediately  preceding the Interest Payment Date),
in each case,  even if the Security is cancelled on  registration of transfer or
registration of exchange after such record date;  provided that, with respect to
the  payment of  principal,  the  Company  will make  payment to the Holder that
surrenders this Security to any Paying Agent on or after February 27, 2013.

     The Company will pay principal, interest and Additional Amounts in money of
the United  States  that at the time of payment is legal  tender for  payment of
public  and  private  debts.  [Payment  of the  principal  of,  interest  on and
Additional  Amounts with respect to the Securities will be made at the office or
agency of the Company maintained for that purpose in the City of New York (which
shall be the  Corporate  Trust Office of the Trustee,  unless the Company  shall
designate  and maintain  some other office or agency for such  purpose)  and, so
long as the Securities  are registered on the Luxembourg  Stock Exchange and the
rules of the stock  exchange  require,  at the office of the  Luxembourg  Paying
Agent in Luxembourg,  or at such other office or agency of the Company as may be
maintained for such purpose, in lawful money of the United States of America, or
payment of interest  may be made at the option of the Company by check mailed to
the address of the Person  entitled  thereto as such address shall appear on the
Security  Register;  provided,  however,  that all  payments to Holders who have
given wire transfer instructions to the Company will be made by wire transfer of
immediately  available funds to the accounts  specified by such Holder.]*** [All
payments will be made by wire  transfer of  immediately  available  funds to the
accounts  specified by the Holder.]**** If a payment date is a date other than a
Business  Day at a place of  payment,  payment  may be made at that place on the
next  succeeding day that is a Business Day and no interest shall accrue for the
intervening period.



----------------
*** Include for U.S. Physical Securities only.
**** Include for Global Security only.



                                      A-5
<PAGE>

3.   Paying Agent and Registrar.
     --------------------------

     Initially,  the Trustee will act as Paying Agent and Registrar and, so long
as the Securities  are listed on the Luxembourg  Stock Exchange and the rules of
the stock exchange  require,  the Luxembourg Paying Agent will act as Luxembourg
paying agent.  The Company may change any Paying Agent or Registrar upon written
notice thereto.  The Company, any Subsidiary or any Affiliate of any of them may
act as Paying Agent, Registrar or co-registrar.

4.   Guarantees.
     -----------

     This Security is entitled to the benefits of the Guarantee  made by each of
the Guarantors as described in the  Indenture,  pursuant to which the Guarantors
have  irrevocably and  unconditionally,  jointly and severally,  guaranteed on a
senior  subordinated  basis the  punctual  payment  when due,  whether at Stated
Maturity,  by acceleration,  redemption or otherwise,  of all obligations of the
Company  under the Indenture and this  Security.  A Guarantor  shall be released
from its Guarantee upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the
Indenture.

5.   Indenture; Limitations.
     -----------------------

     The Company issued the Securities  under an Indenture  dated as of February
27, 2003 (the "Indenture"), among the Company, the Guarantors named therein (the
"Guarantors"  which  term  will  include  all  successor  guarantors  under  the
Indenture)  and SunTrust  Bank, as trustee (the  "Trustee").  Capitalized  terms
herein are used as defined in the  Indenture  unless  otherwise  indicated.  The
terms of the  Securities  include  those stated in the  Indenture and those made
part of the Indenture by reference to the Trust  Indenture  Act. The  Securities
are subject to all such terms, and Holders are referred to the Indenture and the
Trust Indenture Act for a statement of all such terms.  To the extent  permitted
by applicable law, in the event of any  inconsistency  between the terms of this
Security  and the  terms of the  Indenture,  the  terms of the  Indenture  shall
control.

     The Securities are senior unsecured obligations of the Company.

6.   Redemption.
     -----------

     (a) In the event that the Company has become or would  become  obligated to
pay any  Additional  Amounts  as a result  of (i) a Change  in Tax Law or (ii) a
Listing  Failure  provided that the Company has used  reasonable best efforts to
list or maintain a listing of the  Securities on a "recognized  stock  exchange"
(within the meaning of Section 841 of the United Kingdom Income and  Corporation
Taxes Act 1988) (as provided for in Section  10.04 of the  Indenture),  then the
Company may redeem all, but not less than all, of the  Securities at any time at
100% of the  principal  amount  thereof on the  Redemption  Date,  together with
accrued and unpaid  interest  and  Additional  Amounts,  if any,  thereon to but
excluding  the  Redemption  Date.  Prior to the  publication  of the  notice  of
redemption in accordance  with the  foregoing,  the Company shall deliver to the
Trustee an Opinion of Counsel.

     (b) The Securities  may be redeemed,  in whole or in part, at the option of
the Company at any time at a  Redemption  Price equal to the greater of (i) 100%
of the aggregate  principal amount of the Securities to be redeemed and (ii) the
sum of the present values of the remaining  scheduled  payments of the principal
and interest on such Securities to be redeemed

                                      A-6
<PAGE>
discounted to the  Redemption  Date on a semi-annual  basis  (assuming a 360-day
year  consisting  of twelve  30-day  months) at the Treasury  Rate plus 25 basis
points,  plus, in each case, accrued and unpaid interest and Additional Amounts,
if any, thereon to but excluding the Redemption Date;  provided,  however,  that
interest  installments  due on an Interest  Payment Date which is on or prior to
the Redemption Date will be payable to Holders who are Holders of record of such
Securities as of the close of business on the Regular Record Date preceding such
Interest Payment Date.

     (c)  Notice  of a  redemption  will be mailed at least 30 days but not more
than 60 days  before the  Redemption  Date to each  Holder of  Securities  to be
redeemed at such Holder's  last address as it appears in the Security  Register.
Securities  in original  denominations  larger than  US$1,000 may be redeemed in
part in  integral  multiples  of  US$1,000.  On and after the  Redemption  Date,
interest  ceases to accrue on Securities  or portions of  Securities  called for
redemption, unless the Company defaults in the payment of the Redemption Price.

7.   Denominations; Transfer; Exchange.
     ----------------------------------

     The Securities are in registered form without coupons,  in denominations of
US$1,000 and multiples of US$1,000 in excess thereof.  A Holder may register the
transfer  or  exchange of  Securities  in  accordance  with the  Indenture.  The
Registrar  may require a Holder,  among  other  things,  to furnish  appropriate
endorsements  and transfer  documents  and to pay any taxes and fees required by
law or permitted by the Indenture.  The Registrar need not register the transfer
or exchange of any  Securities  selected for  redemption  (except the unredeemed
portion of any Security being redeemed in part).  Also, it need not register the
transfer  or  exchange  of any  Securities  for a  period  of 15 days  before  a
selection of Securities to be redeemed is made.

     As long as the Securities  are listed on the Luxembourg  Stock Exchange and
the rules of the stock exchange  require,  the Company shall give notice of such
redemption to the  Luxembourg  Stock Exchange and publish a notice of redemption
in a Luxembourg newspaper of general circulation.

8.   Persons Deemed Owners.
     ----------------------

     Prior to due presentment of this Security for registration of transfer, the
Company,  the  Guarantors,  the  Trustee  and  any  agent  of the  Company,  the
Guarantors  or the Trustee  may treat the Person in whose name this  Security is
registered as the owner hereof for all purposes, whether or not this Security be
overdue, and neither the Company, the Guarantors, the Trustee nor any such agent
shall be affected by notice to the contrary.

9.   Unclaimed Money.
     ---------------

     If money for the payment of principal or interest remains unclaimed for two
years,  the Trustee and the Paying  Agent will pay the money back to the Company
at its  request.  After  that,  Holders  entitled  to the money must look to the
Company for payment, unless an abandoned property law designates another Person,
and all  liability  of the Trustee and such  Paying  Agent with  respect to such
money shall cease.

                                      A-7
<PAGE>

10.  Discharge Prior to Redemption or Maturity.
     ------------------------------------------

     Provided  other  conditions  in the  Indenture  are  met,  if  the  Company
irrevocably deposits, or causes to be deposited,  with the Trustee money or U.S.
Government  Obligations  sufficient  to pay the then  outstanding  principal of,
accrued  interest on and  Additional  Amounts with respect to the  Securities to
redemption or maturity,  the Company will be  discharged  from the Indenture and
the Securities, except in certain circumstances for certain sections thereof.

11.  Amendment; Supplement; Waiver.
     -----------------------------

     Subject to certain  exceptions,  the  Indenture  or the  Securities  may be
amended or  supplemented  with the consent of the Holders of at least a majority
in  aggregate  principal  amount of the  Securities  then  Outstanding,  and any
existing default or compliance with any provision may be waived with the consent
of the Holders of a majority in  aggregate  principal  amount of the  Securities
then  Outstanding.  Without notice to or the consent of any Holder,  the parties
thereto may amend or supplement  the Indenture or the Securities to, among other
things,  cure any ambiguity,  defect or  inconsistency  and make any change that
does not adversely affect the rights of any Holder.

12.  Restrictive Covenants.
     ---------------------

     The Indenture contains certain covenants,  including,  without  limitation,
covenants with respect to the merger and certain transfers of assets. Within 120
days after the end of each fiscal  year,  the Company must report to the Trustee
on compliance with such covenants.

13.  Successor Persons.
     -----------------

     When  a  successor  person  or  other  entity  expressly  assumes  all  the
obligations of its  predecessor  under the  Securities  and the  Indenture,  the
predecessor  person  will be released  from those  obligations,  provided  other
conditions in the Indenture are met.

14.  Remedies for Events of Default.
     ------------------------------

     If an  Event  of  Default,  as  defined  in the  Indenture,  occurs  and is
continuing,  the Trustee or the Holders of not less than 25% in principal amount
of the  Securities  then  Outstanding  may  declare  all  the  Securities  to be
immediately due and payable.  If a bankruptcy or insolvency default with respect
to the  Company  or any  Guarantor  occurs  and is  continuing,  the  Securities
automatically  become  immediately due and payable.  Holders may not enforce the
Indenture or the Securities except as provided in the Indenture. The Trustee may
require  indemnity  satisfactory  to it before it enforces the  Indenture or the
Securities.  Subject to certain  limitations,  Holders of at least a majority in
principal  amount of the Securities  then  Outstanding may direct the Trustee in
its exercise of any trust or power.

15.  Trustee Dealings with Company.
     -----------------------------

     The Trustee under the Indenture,  in its individual or any other  capacity,
may  become the owner or pledgee  of  Securities  and may make loans to,  accept
deposits  from,  perform  services for, and otherwise deal with, the Company and
its Affiliates as if it were not the Trustee.

                                      A-8
<PAGE>

16.  Authentication.
     --------------

     This Security shall not be valid until the Trustee signs the certificate of
authentication on the other side of this Security.

17.  Abbreviations.
     -------------

     Customary abbreviations may be used in the name of a Holder or an assignee,
such as: TEN COM (= tenants in common),  TEN ENT (= tenants by the  entireties),
JT TEN (=  joint  tenants  with  right of  survivorship  and not as  tenants  in
common), CUST (= Custodian) and U/G/M/A (= Uniform Gifts to Minors Act).

     The Company  will  furnish to any Holder upon  written  request and without
charge a copy of the  Indenture.  Requests  may be made to  AMVESCAP  PLC,  1315
Peachtree Street,  N.E., Suite 500,  Atlanta,  Georgia 30309,  Attention:  Chief
Financial Officer.

















                                      A-9

<PAGE>


[SCHEDULE I

                                  AMVESCAP PLC
                           5.375% Senior Note Due 2013

Date                            Principal Amount                   Notation]****




























                                      A-10
<PAGE>



                            [FORM OF TRANSFER NOTICE]


     FOR VALUE  RECEIVED  the  undersigned  registered  holder  hereby  sell(s),
assign(s) and transfer(s) unto

Insert Taxpayer Identification No.
---------------------------------


(Please print or typewrite name and address including zip code of assignee)


the within Security and all rights thereunder,  hereby irrevocably  constituting
and appointing


attorney to transfer  such  Security on the books of the Company with full power
of substitution in the premises.

                     [THE FOLLOWING PROVISION TO BE INCLUDED
                           ON ALL CERTIFICATES EXCEPT
                    PERMANENT OFFSHORE PHYSICAL CERTIFICATES]


     In  connection  with any transfer of this Security  occurring  prior to the
date which is the earlier of the date of an effective  Registration Statement or
April 8, 2003,  the  undersigned  confirms  that without  utilizing  any general
solicitation or general advertising that:

                                   [Check One]
                                    ---------

[    ] (a) this Security is being  transferred in compliance  with the exemption
     from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, provided by
     Rule 144A thereunder.

or

[    ] (b) this Security is being  transferred other than in accordance with (a)
     above and documents are being furnished which comply with the conditions of
     transfer set forth in this Security and the Indenture.

If none of the foregoing boxes is checked,  the Trustee or other Registrar shall
not be obligated to register  this Security in the name of any Person other than
the  Holder  hereof  unless and until the  conditions  to any such  transfer  of
registration  set forth herein and in Section 3.07 of the  Indenture  shall have
been satisfied.




                                      A-11
<PAGE>


Date: ____________________

     NOTICE:  The signature to this  assignment must correspond with the name as
written upon the face of the  within-mentioned  instrument in every  particular,
without alteration or any change whatsoever.


                                    ------------------------------------------
                                    Signature  guaranteed by a member of a
                                    "Signature Guarantee Program"
                                    ("STAMP"), Stock Exchange Medallion
                                    Program ("SEMP") or New York Stock
                                    Exchange Medallion Signature Program,
                                    ("MSP") (an "Eligible Institution"), the
                                    signature(s) must be guaranteed by an
                                    Eligible Institution.


TO BE COMPLETED BY PURCHASER IF (a) ABOVE IS CHECKED.

     The undersigned represents and warrants that it is purchasing this Security
for its own  account  or an account  with  respect  to which it  exercises  sole
investment  discretion  and  that  it  and  any  such  account  is a  "qualified
institutional buyer" within the meaning of Rule 144A under the Securities Act of
1933, as amended,  and is aware that the sale to it is being made in reliance on
Rule 144A and acknowledges  that it has received such information  regarding the
Company as the undersigned has requested pursuant to Rule 144A or has determined
not to request  such  information  and that it is aware that the  transferor  is
relying upon the undersigned's  foregoing  representations in order to claim the
exemption from registration provided by Rule 144A.


Dated: __________________


     NOTICE: To be executed by an executive officer, general partner, trustee or
similar representative.















                                      A-12
<PAGE>


                                    GUARANTEE

     For  value  received,   the  undersigned  hereby,  jointly  and  severally,
unconditionally guarantee, as principal obligor and not only as a surety, to the
Holder of this  Security the cash  payments in U.S.  dollars of principal of and
interest on this  Security in the amounts and at the times when due and interest
on the overdue principal,  interest, if any, and Additional Amounts with respect
to this  Security,  if  lawful,  and the  payment  or  performance  of all other
obligations  of the  Company  under  the  Indenture  (as  defined  below) or the
Securities,  to the Holder of this  Security and the Trustee,  all in accordance
with and subject to the terms and limitations of this Security,  Article XIII of
the  Indenture  and this  Guarantee.  This  Guarantee  will become  effective in
accordance  with Article XIII of the  Indenture and its terms shall be evidenced
therein.  The validity and enforceability of any Guarantee shall not be affected
by the fact that it is not affixed to any particular Security.

     Capitalized  terms used but not  defined  herein  shall  have the  meanings
ascribed to them in the  Indenture  (the  "Indenture")  dated as of February 27,
2003 among  AMVESCAP  PLC, the  Guarantors  and SunTrust  Bank,  as trustee (the
"Trustee").

     The  obligations of the undersigned to the Holders of Securities and to the
Trustee  pursuant to this Guarantee and the Indenture are expressly set forth in
Article XIII of the  Indenture and reference is hereby made to the Indenture for
the  precise  terms of the  Guarantee  and all of the  other  provisions  of the
Indenture to which this Guarantee relates.

     This Guarantee will be a senior unsecured  obligation of the Guarantors and
will rank pari  passu in right of  payment  with all other  existing  and future
senior unsecured obligations of the Guarantors.

     This  Guarantee  shall be governed by and construed in accordance  with the
laws of the state of New York.

     This  Guarantee  is  subject  to  release  upon the  terms set forth in the
Indenture.




















                                      A-13
<PAGE>




     IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  the Guarantors have caused this instrument to be duly
executed.

Date: _________________


                                     A I M MANAGEMENT GROUP INC.


                                     By_________________________
                                       Name:
                                       Title:

                                     A I M ADVISORS, INC.


                                     By_________________________
                                       Name:
                                       Title:

                                     INVESCO INSTITUTIONAL (N.A.), INC.


                                     By_________________________
                                       Name:
                                       Title:

                                     INVESCO NORTH AMERICAN HOLDINGS, INC.


                                     By_________________________
                                       Name:
                                       Title:








                                      A-14
<PAGE>
                                                                       EXHIBIT B


               FORM OF CERTIFICATE FOR EXCHANGE OR REGISTRATION OF
                   TRANSFER FROM RESTRICTED GLOBAL SECURITY TO
                          REGULATION S GLOBAL SECURITY

SunTrust Bank
25 Park Place
24th Floor
Atlanta, Georgia 30303
Attn:  Corporate Trust Office


                Re: 5.375% Senior Notes Due 2013 of AMVESCAP PLC

     Reference  is hereby made to the  Indenture,  dated as of February 27, 2003
(the "Indenture"),  between AMVESCAP PLC, as issuer (the "Company"), each of the
Guarantors  named in the first  paragraph of the Indenture and SunTrust Bank, as
trustee.  Capitalized  terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings
given to them in the Indenture.

     This letter relates to US$_________  principal  amount of Securities  which
are evidenced by the Restricted  Global Security (CUSIP  No._________)  and held
with the Depositary in the name of Cede & Co. (the "Transferor"). The Transferor
has  requested a transfer of such  beneficial  interest in the  Securities  to a
Person who will take delivery  thereof in the form of an equal principal  amount
of  Securities  evidenced  by  the  Regulation  S  Global  Security  (CUSIP  No.
________).

     In  connection  with such  request and in respect of such  Securities,  the
Transferor  hereby  certifies that such transfer has been effected in compliance
with the transfer restrictions  applicable to the Global Securities and pursuant
to and in accordance with Rule 903, Rule 904 or Rule 144 under the United States
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  "Securities  Act"), and accordingly the
Transferor hereby further certifies that:

     (A)  if the transfer has been effected pursuant to Rule 903 or Rule 904:

          (1) the offer of the Securities was not made to a person in the United
     States;

          (2) either:

               (a) at the time the buy order was originated,  the transferee was
          outside the United States or the  Transferor  and any person acting on
          its behalf  reasonably  believed and believes that the  transferee was
          outside the United States; or

               (b) the transaction was executed in, on or through the facilities
          of a designated  offshore securities market and neither the Transferor
          nor any person  acting on its behalf  knows that the  transaction  was
          prearranged with a buyer in the United States;

                                      B-1
<PAGE>

          (3) no directed selling efforts have been made in contravention of the
     requirements of Rule 903(b) or Rule 904(b) of Regulation S, as applicable;

          (4) the  transaction  is not part of a plan or  scheme  to  evade  the
     registration requirements of the Securities Act;

          (5) if the transfer is being  requested  prior to April 8, 2003,  upon
     completion of the transaction, the beneficial interest being transferred as
     described  above is to be held with the  Depositary  through  Euroclear  or
     Clearstream, or both (Common Code ____________); and

     (B) If the transfer has been effected  pursuant to Rule 144, the Securities
have  been  transferred  in a  transaction  permitted  by  Rule  144  under  the
Securities Act.

     Upon giving  effect to this  request to exchange a  beneficial  interest in
such  Restricted  Global  Security for a  beneficial  interest in a Regulation S
Global  Security,  the  resulting  beneficial  interest  shall be subject to the
restrictions on transfer  applicable to Regulation S Global Security pursuant to
the Indenture and the Securities.

     This  certificate  and the  statements  contained  herein are made for your
benefit and the benefit of the Company.  Terms used in this  certificate and not
otherwise  defined in the Indenture  have the meanings set forth in Regulation S
under the Securities Act.

                                    [Insert Name of Transferor]


                                     By_________________________
                                       Name:
                                       Title:


                                    ------------------------------------------
                                    Signature  guaranteed by a member of a
                                    "Signature Guarantee Program"
                                    ("STAMP"), Stock Exchange Medallion
                                    Program ("SEMP") or New York Stock
                                    Exchange Medallion Signature Program,
                                    ("MSP") (an "Eligible Institution"), the
                                    signature(s) must be guaranteed by an
                                    Eligible Institution.


                                     Dated:  ____________, ____



                                      B-2
<PAGE>

                                                                       EXHIBIT C


               FORM OF CERTIFICATE FOR EXCHANGE OR REGISTRATION OF
                  TRANSFER FROM REGULATION S GLOBAL SECURITY TO
                           RESTRICTED GLOBAL SECURITY


SunTrust Bank
25 Park Place
24th Floor
Atlanta, Georgia 30303
Attn:  Corporate Trust Office


                Re: 5.375% Senior Notes Due 2013 of AMVESCAP PLC

     Reference  is hereby made to the  Indenture,  dated as of February 27, 2003
(the "Indenture"),  between AMVESCAP PLC, as issuer (the "Company"), each of the
Guarantors  named in the first  paragraph of the Indenture and SunTrust Bank, as
trustee.  Capitalized  terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings
given to them in the Indenture.

     This letter relates to  US$____________  principal amount of the Securities
which are evidenced by the Regulation S Global  Security  (CUSIP No.  _________)
and held with the Depositary in the name of Cede & Co. (the  "Transferor").  The
Transferor  has  requested  a  transfer  of  such  beneficial  interest  in  the
Securities  to a Person who will take  delivery  thereof in the form of an equal
principal  amount of  Securities  evidenced by the  Restricted  Global  Security
(CUSIP No. __________), to be held with the Depositary.

     In  connection  with such  request and in respect of such  Securities,  the
Transferor hereby certifies that such transfer is being effected pursuant to and
in accordance with Rule 144A under the United States  Securities Act of 1933, as
amended (the "Securities Act"), and, accordingly,  the Transferor hereby further
certifies  that the  Securities  are  being  transferred  to a  Person  that the
Transferor reasonably believes is purchasing the Securities for its own account,
or for one or more  accounts  with respect to which such Person  exercises  sole
investment  discretion,  and such Person and each such  account is a  "qualified
institutional  buyer" within the meaning of Rule 144A in a  transaction  meeting
the  requirements  of Rule 144A and such  Securities  are being  transferred  in
compliance  with any  applicable  blue sky  securities  laws of any state of the
United States.

     Upon giving  effect to this  request to exchange a  beneficial  interest in
Regulation  S Global  Securities  for a  beneficial  interest in the  Restricted
Global  Security,  the  resulting  beneficial  interest  shall be subject to the
restrictions on transfer  applicable to the U.S. Global  Securities  pursuant to
the Indenture and the Securities Act.

     This  certificate  and the  statements  contained  herein are made for your
benefit and the benefit of the Company.  Terms used in this  certificate and not
otherwise  defined in the Indenture  have the meanings set forth in Regulation S
under the Securities Act.

                                      C-1
<PAGE>

                                    [Insert Name of Transferor]


                                    By:
                                       -----------------------------------------
                                       Name:
                                       Title:


Dated:  ____________, ____

                                    ------------------------------------------
                                    Signature  guaranteed by a member of a
                                    "Signature Guarantee Program"
                                    ("STAMP"), Stock Exchange Medallion
                                    Program ("SEMP") or New York Stock
                                    Exchange Medallion Signature Program,
                                    ("MSP") (an "Eligible Institution"), the
                                    signature(s) must be guaranteed by an
                                    Eligible Institution.


















                                      C-2
<PAGE>

                                                                       EXHIBIT D

         FORM OF CERTIFICATE FOR TRANSFER OF U.S. PHYSICAL SECURITIES TO
           REGULATION S GLOBAL SECURITY OR RESTRICTED GLOBAL SECURITY

SunTrust Bank
25 Park Place
24th Floor
Atlanta, Georgia 30303
Attn:  Corporate Trust Office

                Re: 5.375% Senior Notes Due 2013 of AMVESCAP PLC

     Reference  is hereby made to the  Indenture,  dated as of February 27, 2003
(the "Indenture"),  between AMVESCAP PLC as issuer (the "Company"),  each of the
Guarantors  named in the first  paragraph of the Indenture and SunTrust Bank, as
trustee.  Capitalized  terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings
given to them in the Indenture.

     This letter relates to US$___________  principal amount of Securities which
are evidenced by a definitive certificated Security (Certificate No. __________,
CUSIP No. __________, in the name of _________________) (the "Transferor").  The
Transferor  has  requested a transfer of such  interest in the  Securities  to a
Person that will take delivery  thereof in the form of an equal principal amount
of  Securities   evidenced  by  the  [Restricted   Global  Security  (CUSIP  No.
____________)] [Regulation S Global Security (CUSIP No. -----------)].

     In  connection  with such  request and in respect of such  Securities,  the
Transferor  does hereby  certify that:  [if such request is made for transfer to
the Regulation S Global  Security:  such transfer has been effected  pursuant to
and in  accordance  with Rule 903,  Rule 904 or Rule 144 under the United States
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  "Securities  Act"), and accordingly the
Transferor does hereby further certify that:

     (1) if the transfer has been effected pursuant to Rule 903 or Rule 904:

               (A) the offer of the  Securities  was not made to a person in the
          United States;

               (B) either:

                    (i) at the time the buy order was originated, the transferee
               was outside the United  States or the  Transferor  and any person
               acting on its behalf reasonably  believed that the transferee was
               outside the United States, or

                    (ii) the  transaction  was  executed  in, on or through  the
               facilities of a designated offshore securities market and neither
               the Transferor nor any person acting on its behalf knows that the
               transaction was prearranged with a buyer in the United States;



                                      D-1
<PAGE>

               (C) no directed  selling efforts have been made in  contravention
          of the  requirements  of Rule  903(b) or 904(b)  of  Regulation  S, as
          applicable; [and]

               (D) the  transaction is not part of a plan or scheme to evade the
          registration requirements of the Securities Act; [and

               (E) if the  transfer is being  requested  prior to April 8, 2003:
          Upon  completion of the  transaction,  the  beneficial  interest being
          transferred  as  described  above is to be held  with  the  Depositary
          through Euroclear or Clearstream or both (Common Code __________);] or

          (2) if the  transfer  has been  effected  pursuant  to Rule  144,  the
     Securities have been transferred in a transaction permitted by Rule 144.]

     [if such request is made for transfer to the  Restricted  Global  Security:
     such transfer is being  effected  pursuant to and in  accordance  with Rule
     144A under the Securities  Act, and,  accordingly,  the  Transferor  hereby
     further  certifies that the  Securities  are being  transferred to a person
     that the  Transferor  reasonably  believes is purchasing the Securities for
     its own  account,  or for one or more  accounts  with respect to which such
     Person exercises sole investment discretion,  and such Person and each such
     account is a  "qualified  institutional  buyer"  within the meaning of Rule
     144A in a  transaction  meeting  the  requirements  of Rule  144A [and such
     Securities are being transferred in compliance with any applicable blue sky
     securities laws of any state of the United States].

     This  certificate  and the  statements  contained  herein are made for your
benefit and the benefit of the Company.  Terms used in this  certificate and not
otherwise  defined in the Indenture  have the meanings set forth in Regulation S
under the Securities Act.

















                                      D-2
<PAGE>


     Upon  completion  of  the  transaction,   the  beneficial   interest  being
transferred  as  described  above  is to be held  with  the  Depositary  through
Euroclear or Clearstream or both (Common Code_____).

                                    [Insert Name of Transferor]


                                    By:
                                       -----------------------------------------
                                       Name:
                                       Title:


Dated:  ____________, ____

                                    ------------------------------------------
                                    Signature  guaranteed by a member of a
                                    "Signature Guarantee Program"
                                    ("STAMP"), Stock Exchange Medallion
                                    Program ("SEMP") or New York Stock
                                    Exchange Medallion Signature Program,
                                    ("MSP") (an "Eligible Institution"), the
                                    signature(s) must be guaranteed by an
                                    Eligible Institution.


















                                      D-3
<PAGE>

                                                                       EXHIBIT E


          FORM OF CERTIFICATE FOR TRANSFER OR EXCHANGE AFTER TWO YEARS



SunTrust Bank
25 Park Place
24th Floor
Atlanta, Georgia 30303
Attn:  Corporate Trust Office


                Re: 5.375% Senior Notes Due 2013 of AMVESCAP PLC

     Reference  is hereby made to the  Indenture,  dated as of February 27, 2003
(the "Indenture"),  between AMVESCAP PLC as issuer (the "Company"),  each of the
Guarantors  named in the first  paragraph of the Indenture and SunTrust Bank, as
trustee.  Capitalized  terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings
given to them in the Indenture.

     [For transfers:  This letter relates to  US$__________  principal amount of
Securities  which are  evidenced by a  [Restricted  Global  Security  (CUSIP No.
_________)  and  held  with  the  Depositary  in the name of Cede & Co.] [a U.S.
Physical  Security  (CUSIP  No.  ________________)  registered  in the  name  of
_________________]   [and  held  for  the  benefit  of  _________________]  (the
"Beneficial  Owner").  The  Beneficial  Owner has requested  that its beneficial
interest in such  Securities be  transferred to a Person that will take delivery
thereof in the form of an equal principal amount of Securities  evidenced by the
Regulation S Global Security (CUSIP No. _________).

     In  connection  with such  request and in respect of such  Securities,  the
Beneficial Owner does hereby certify that upon such transfer, (a) a period of at
least two years will have elapsed since  February 27, 2003,  (b) the  Beneficial
Owner during the three  months  preceding  the date of such  transfer was not an
"affiliate"  of the Company (as defined in Rule 144 under the  Securities  Act),
and it was not acting on behalf of such an affiliate and (c) such Person to whom
such transfer is being made is not an "affiliate" of the Company.]

     [For exchanges:  This letter relates to  US$__________  principal amount of
Securities  that are  evidenced  by a  [Restricted  Global  Security  (CUSIP No.
__________)  and held with the  Depositary  in the name of [ ] [and held for the
benefit of ] ] (the "Beneficial Owner"). The Beneficial Owner has requested that
its  beneficial  interest  in such  Securities  be  exchanged  for a  beneficial
interest in an equal principal amount of Securities  evidenced by the Regulation
S Global Security (CUSIP No. __________).

     In  connection  with such  request and in respect of such  Securities,  the
Beneficial  Owner does  hereby  certify  that [it is located and  acquired  such
securities  outside the United States (if the  Restricted  Period has ended) and
that  such  transfer  is  being  made  in  accordance  with  Rule  903 or 904 of
Regulation S  promulgated  under the United  States  Securities  Act of 1933, as
amended][,

                                      E-1
<PAGE>
upon  such  exchange,  (a) it will be the  beneficial  owner of such
Securities,  (b) a period of at least two years will have elapsed since February
27, 2003 and (c) the  Beneficial  Owner will not be, and during the three months
preceding the date of such exchange  will not have been, an  "affiliate"  of the
Company (as defined in Rule 144 under the Securities  Act), and it is not acting
on behalf of such an affiliate.]

     This  certificate  and the  statements  contained  herein are made for your
benefit and the benefit of the Company.


Dated:                              [Insert Name of Beneficial Owner]


                                    By:
                                       -----------------------------------------
                                       Name:
                                       Title:



                                    ------------------------------------------
                                    Signature  guaranteed by a member of a
                                    "Signature Guarantee Program"
                                    ("STAMP"), Stock Exchange Medallion
                                    Program ("SEMP") or New York Stock
                                    Exchange Medallion Signature Program,
                                    ("MSP") (an "Eligible Institution"), the
                                    signature(s) must be guaranteed by an
                                    Eligible Institution.
















                                      E-2
<PAGE>












                              --------------------

                                    Indenture

                          Dated as of February 27, 2003

                              ---------------------


                                 US$350,000,000

                          5.375% Senior Notes Due 2013


                              --------------------


                                  AMVESCAP PLC,

                                     Issuer,

                             EACH OF THE GUARANTORS
                                  NAMED HEREIN,

                                   Guarantors,

                                       and

                                 SUNTRUST BANK,

                                     Trustee









<PAGE>


                                  AMVESCAP PLC

               Reconciliation and tie between Trust Indenture Act
              of 1939 and Indenture, dated as of February 27, 2003



Trust Indenture
  Act Section                                                  Indenture Section



ss.310(a)(1).........................................................6.08
   310(a)(2).........................................................6.08
   310(a)(3).........................................................N/A
   310(a)(4).........................................................N/A
   310(a)(5).........................................................6.08
   310(b)............................................................6.05, 6.09
ss.311  .............................................................6.05, 6.06
ss.312(a)............................................................7.01
   312(b)............................................................7.01
   312(c)............................................................7.01
ss.313(a)............................................................7.02
ss.313(b)............................................................7.02
   313(c)............................................................6.01,7.02
ss.313(d)............................................................7.02
ss.314(a)............................................................10.06;10.07
ss.314(b)............................................................N/A
ss.314(c)............................................................N/A
ss.314(d)............................................................N/A
ss.314(e)............................................................1.02
ss.315(a)............................................................6.01
ss.315(b)............................................................6.02
ss.315(c)............................................................6.01
ss.315(e)............................................................5.15
ss.316(a)............................................................5.12,5.13
ss.316(b)............................................................5.08
ss.316(c)............................................................1.04





<PAGE>




                               TABLE OF CONTENTS


                                                                            Page

PARTIES.......................................................................1
RECITALS OF THE COMPANY.......................................................1

ARTICLE I
DEFINITIONS AND OTHER PROVISIONS OF GENERAL APPLICATION.......................1

Section 1.01  Definitions.....................................................1
Section 1.02  Compliance Certificates and Opinions............................8
Section 1.03  Form of Documents Delivered to Trustee..........................9
Section 1.04  Acts of Holders.................................................9
Section 1.05  Notices, etc., to Trustee, Company or Guarantors................11
Section 1.06  Notice to Holders, Waiver.......................................11
Section 1.07  Conflict of any Provision of Indenture with Trust Indenture Act.12
Section 1.08  Effect of Headings and Table of Contents........................12
Section 1.09  Successors and Assigns..........................................12
Section 1.10  Separability Clause.............................................12
Section 1.11  Benefits of Indenture...........................................12
Section 1.12  Counterparts....................................................13
Section 1.13  Governing Law...................................................13
Section 1.14  Legal Holidays..................................................13
Section 1.15  Agent for Service; Submission to Jurisdiction; Waiver of
                Immunities and Jury Trial.....................................13
Section 1.16  Currency........................................................14

ARTICLE II
SECURITY FORMS................................................................15

Section 2.01  Forms Generally.................................................15
Section 2.02  Restrictive Legends.............................................16

ARTICLE III
THE SECURITIES................................................................17

Section 3.01  Title and Terms.................................................17
Section 3.02  Denominations...................................................18
Section 3.03  Execution, Authentication, Delivery and Dating..................18
Section 3.04  Temporary Securities............................................20

-----------------------------
Note:  This table of contents shall not, for any purpose, be deemed to be part
       of the Indenture.
<PAGE>

Section 3.05  Registration, Registration of Transfer and Exchange.............20
Section 3.06  Book-Entry Provisions for Restricted Global Security............21
Section 3.07  Special Transfer Provisions.....................................23
Section 3.08  Mutilated, Destroyed, Lost and Stolen Securities................26
Section 3.09  Payment of Interest and Certain Additional Amounts; Rights to
                Interest and Certain Additional Amounts Preserved.............26
Section 3.10  Persons Deemed Owners...........................................28
Section 3.11  Cancellation....................................................28
Section 3.12  CUSIP and CINS Numbers..........................................28
Section 3.13  Computation of Interest.........................................29

ARTICLE IV
SATISFACTION AND DISCHARGE....................................................29

Section 4.01  Satisfaction and Discharge of Indenture.........................29
Section 4.02  Application of Trust Money......................................30

ARTICLE V
REMEDIES......................................................................30

Section 5.01  Events of Default...............................................30
Section 5.02  Acceleration of Maturity; Rescission and Annulment..............31
Section 5.03  Collection of Indebtedness and Suits for Enforcement by Trustee.32
Section 5.04  Trustee May File Proofs of Claim................................33
Section 5.05  Trustee May Enforce Claims Without Possession of Securities.....34
Section 5.06  Application of Money Collected..................................34
Section 5.07  Limitation on Suits.............................................35
Section 5.08  Unconditional Right of Holders to Receive Principal, Interest and
                Additional Amounts............................................35
Section 5.09  Restoration of Rights and Remedies..............................35
Section 5.10  Rights and Remedies Cumulative..................................36
Section 5.11  Delay or Omission Not Waiver....................................36
Section 5.12  Control by Holders..............................................36
Section 5.13  Waiver of Past Defaults.........................................36
Section 5.14  Waiver of Stay or Extension Laws................................37
Section 5.15  Undertaking for Costs...........................................37

ARTICLE VI
THE TRUSTEE...................................................................37

Section 6.01  Certain Duties and Responsibilities.............................37
Section 6.02  Notice of Defaults..............................................38
Section 6.03  Certain Rights of Trustee.......................................38
Section 6.04  Trustee Not Responsible for Recitals or Issuance of Securities..39
Section 6.05  May Hold Securities.............................................40
<PAGE>
Section 6.06  Money Held in Trust.............................................40
Section 6.07  Compensation and Reimbursement..................................40
Section 6.08  Corporate Trustee Required; Eligibility.........................41
Section 6.09  Resignation and Removal; Appointment of Successor...............41
Section 6.10  Acceptance of Appointment by Successor..........................42
Section 6.11  Merger, Conversion, Consolidation or Succession to Business.....43
Section 6.12  Withholding Taxes...............................................43


ARTICLE VII
HOLDERS' LISTS AND REPORTS BY TRUSTEE.........................................44

Section 7.01  Disclosure of Names and Addresses of Holders....................44
Section 7.02  Reports by Trustee..............................................44

ARTICLE VIII
CONSOLIDATION, MERGER, CONVEYANCE,  TRANSFER OR LEASE.........................44

Section 8.01  Company and Guarantors May Consolidate, etc., Only on Certain
                Terms.........................................................44
Section 8.02  Successor Person Substituted for Company........................45

ARTICLE IX
SUPPLEMENTS AND AMENDMENTS TO INDENTURE AND SECURITIES GUARANTEES.............45

Section 9.01  Without Consent of Holders......................................45
Section 9.02  With Consent of Holders.........................................46
Section 9.03  Execution of Supplemental Indentures............................47
Section 9.04  Effect of Supplemental Indentures...............................47
Section 9.05  Conformity with Trust Indenture Act.............................47
Section 9.06  Reference in Securities to Supplemental Indentures..............48
Section 9.07  Notice of Supplemental Indentures...............................48
Section 9.08  Revocation and Effect of Consents, Waivers and Actions..........48

ARTICLE X
COVENANTS.....................................................................48

Section 10.01  Payment of Principal and Interest..............................48
Section 10.02  Maintenance of Office or Agency................................49
Section 10.03  Money for Security Payments to Be Held in Trust................49
Section 10.04  Additional Amounts.............................................51
Section 10.05  Corporate Existence............................................52
Section 10.06  Statement by Officers As to Default............................53
Section 10.07  Provision of Reports and Financial Statements..................53
Section 10.08  Waiver of Certain Covenants....................................54
<PAGE>
Section 10.09  Additional Guarantors..........................................54

ARTICLE XI
REDEMPTION OF SECURITIES......................................................54

Section 11.01  Right of Redemption............................................54
Section 11.02  Applicability of Article.......................................56
Section 11.03  Election to Redeem; Notice to Trustee..........................56
Section 11.04  Selection by Trustee of Securities to Be Redeemed..............56
Section 11.05  Notice of Redemption...........................................56
Section 11.06  Deposit of Redemption Price....................................57
Section 11.07  Securities Payable on Redemption Date..........................57
Section 11.08  Securities Redeemed in Part....................................58

ARTICLE XII
DEFEASANCE AND COVENANT DEFEASANCE............................................58

Section 12.01  Company Option to Effect Defeasance or Covenant Defeasance.....58
Section 12.02  Defeasance and Discharge.......................................58
Section 12.03  Covenant Defeasance............................................59
Section 12.04  Conditions to Defeasance or Covenant Defeasance................59
Section 12.05  Deposited Money and U.S. Government Obligations to Be Held in
                Trust; Other Miscellaneous Provisions.........................61
Section 12.06  Reinstatement..................................................62

ARTICLE XIII
SECURITIES GUARANTEES.........................................................62

Section 13.01  Unconditional Guarantee........................................62
Section 13.02  Limitations on Guarantees......................................64
Section 13.03  Execution and Delivery of Guarantees...........................64
Section 13.04  Release of the Guarantors......................................64
Section 13.05  Waiver of Subrogation..........................................65
Section 13.06  Immediate Payment..............................................65
Section 13.07  No Set-Off.....................................................65
Section 13.08  Obligations Absolute...........................................65
Section 13.09  Obligations Not Reduced........................................66
Section 13.10  [Intentionally Omitted]........................................66
Section 13.11  Obligations Not Affected.......................................66
Section 13.12  Waiver.........................................................67
Section 13.13  No Obligation To Take Action Against the Company...............67
Section 13.14  Dealing with the Company and Others............................67
Section 13.15  Default and Enforcement........................................68
Section 13.16  Amendment, Etc.................................................68
Section 13.17  Acknowledgement................................................68
<PAGE>
Section 13.18  No Merger or Waiver; Cumulative Remedies.......................68
Section 13.19  Survival of Obligations........................................69
Section 13.20  Guarantee in Addition to Other Obligations.....................69
Section 13.21  Severability...................................................69
Section 13.22  Successors and Assigns.........................................69



<PAGE>

                                    EXHIBITS

Exhibit A -       Form of Security

Exhibit B -       Form of Certificate for Exchange or Registration of Transfer
                  from Restricted Global Security to Regulation S Global
                  Security

Exhibit C -       Form of Certificate for Exchange or Registration of Transfer
                  from Regulation S Global Security to Restricted Global
                  Security

Exhibit D -       Form of Certificate for Transfer of U.S. Physical Securities
                  to Regulation S Global Security or Restricted Global
                  Security

Exhibit E -       Form of Certificate for Transfer or Exchange after Two Years




















                                       x

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
