<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.14
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>dex1014.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT DAN RIVER INC. AND GREGORY R. BOOZER
<TEXT>



                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.14

                              EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

                  THIS EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (this "Agreement") is made and
entered into as of the 2/nd/ day of December, 2002, by and between Gregory R.
Boozer (the "Executive") and DAN RIVER INC., a Georgia corporation (the
"Company");

                              W I T N E S S E T H:

                  WHEREAS, the Executive has been employed by the Company as the
Executive Vice President-Manufacturing of the Company since October 28, 1998;
and

                  WHEREAS, the Company desires to continue to employ the
Executive, and the Executive desires to continue to be employed by the Company,
on the terms and conditions contained herein; and

                  WHEREAS, to induce the Executive to continue in the employ of
the Company, the Company wishes to enter into this Agreement;

                  NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises and
agreements contained herein and other good and valuable consideration, the
receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto,
intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows:

                  Section 1.     Employment

                  1.1.  Duties. Subject to the terms hereof, the Company hereby
employs the Executive as the Executive Vice President-Manufacturing of the
Company, and the Executive hereby accepts such employment. The Executive agrees
that during the employment of the Executive pursuant to this Agreement, the
Executive shall devote his full business time and attention to the business of
the Company. The Executive shall report exclusively to and shall be accountable
exclusively to the Company's Chief Executive Officer or its Chief Operating
Officer.

                  1.2.  Other Activities. The Executive may, without limitation,
(i) serve on corporate, civic or charitable boards or committees, (ii) deliver
lectures, fulfill speaking engagements or teach at educational institutions and
(iii) manage personal investments, provided such activities do not materially
interfere with the performance of the Executive's responsibilities to the
Company hereunder. The parties hereto expressly understand and agree that to the
extent the Executive has engaged in any such activities prior to the date of
this Agreement, any subsequent conduct of activities similar in nature and scope
to such previous activities shall not be deemed to materially interfere with the
performance of the Executive's duties hereunder.

                  Section 2.     Compensation; Expenses

                  2.1.  Salary. Commencing on the date of this Agreement, the
Company shall pay the Executive a base salary (the "Base Salary") at a rate
equal to the rate being paid to the Executive immediately prior to the execution
of this Agreement. During the term of this Agreement, the Company will not
reduce the Executive's salary (unless such reduction applies generally to all
salaried employees), and the Company will fairly consider the Executive for
salary increases, based upon objective criteria, at least as often as salaried
employees generally are considered for increases.

                  2.2.  Bonus. In addition to the Base Salary, the Company shall
pay the Executive, for each fiscal year ending during the term of this
Agreement, an annual bonus (the "Bonus") pursuant to the Dan River Inc.
Management Incentive Plan (the "MIP") in existence as of the date hereof, or any
comparable or successor plan. The Bonus shall be computed based upon a target
level of participation at or above the Executive's target level of

<PAGE>

participation in the MIP as of the date of this Agreement. The Company shall not
reduce the target level to which the Executive is assigned unless target levels
are reduced to substantially the same extent for all senior executives of the
Company. The Bonus shall be payable in cash promptly after the date on which the
audited financial statements of the Company are first available for the fiscal
year for which the Bonus is awarded, unless the Executive shall otherwise timely
elect to defer the receipt of such Bonus under any deferred compensation plan of
the Company then in effect.

                  2.3.  Expenses. The Executive shall be reimbursed promptly for
all reasonable business-related expenses incurred by the Executive in accordance
with the policies and procedures of the Company applicable to other senior
executives thereof.

                  Section 3.     Term; Termination of Agreement.

                  3.1.  Term; Termination. The Term of this Agreement shall
commence on the date first set out above and shall continue in effect for a
period of three (3) years, with the term automatically extending on the first
and each subsequent anniversary of the Agreement for one additional year, unless
the Executive or the Company gives written notice to the other prior to any
anniversary date that the Agreement will not be so extended; provided, however,
upon the occurrence of a "Change in Control" as defined hereinbelow, this
Agreement shall automatically renew for a term of three (3) years from the
Change in Control Date, subject thereafter to further automatic renewal and/or
notice of termination as provided above. This Agreement shall also terminate
upon the occurrence of any of the following events:

                  (a)   the death or total disability of the Executive (total
         disability meaning the failure of the Executive to perform his normal
         required services hereunder for a period of six consecutive months
         during the term hereof by reason of the Executive's mental or physical
         disability) (a "Disability Termination Event");

                  (b)   termination by the Company of the Executive's employment
         hereunder for "Good Cause," which shall exist upon the occurrence of
         any of the following: (i) the Executive is convicted of, pleads guilty
         to, or confesses to any felony or any act of fraud, misappropriation or
         embezzlement, (ii) the Executive engages in a fraudulent act to the
         material damage or prejudice of the Company, or (iii) the Executive
         otherwise fails to comply with the terms of this Agreement or deviates
         from any written policies or procedures of the Company, in either such
         case to the material detriment of the Company and, within 30 days after
         written notice from the Company of such failure or deviation, the
         Executive has not corrected such failure (in any such case, a "Good
         Cause Termination Event");

                  (c)   termination by the Company of the Executive's employment
         hereunder for any reason other than as a result of a Good Cause
         Termination Event (a "No Cause Termination Event");

                  (d)   termination by the Executive of the Executive's
         employment hereunder for "Good Reason", which shall mean (i) the
         assignment to the Executive of any duties inconsistent in any material
         respect with the Executive's position (including status, offices,
         titles and reporting requirements), authority or duties or
         responsibilities as contemplated by (S) 1 hereof or any other action by
         the Company that results in a material diminishment in such position,
         authority, duties or responsibilities, other than action or inaction on
         the part of the Company that is corrected by the Company within 30 days
         after receipt of written notice thereof given by the Executive, (ii)
         any failure by the Company to comply with the terms of this Agreement,
         including, without limitation, Sections 2 and 5 hereof, which is not
         corrected by the Company within 30 days after receipt of written notice
         thereof given by the Executive, (iii) the Company's requiring the
         Executive to be based at any office or location more than 50 miles away
         from that at which the Executive is based as of the date of this
         Agreement; provided, however, the Company may require travel reasonably
         consistent with past practices in the performance of the Executive's
         responsibilities, or (iv) any purported termination by the Company of
         the Executive's employment pursuant to this Agreement other than as

                                        2

<PAGE>

         permitted herein, in each such case without the prior written consent
         of the Executive (in any such case, a "Good Reason Termination Event");
         or

                  (e) voluntary termination by the Executive of the Executive's
         employment hereunder other than for "Good Reason" (as defined above) (a
         "Voluntary Termination Event").

                  3.2.  Notice of Termination. Any termination of the
Executive's employment hereunder by the Company or the Executive (other than by
reason of death) shall be communicated by a Notice of Termination to the other
party hereto given in accordance with the requirements of (S) 7.10 of this
Agreement. For purposes of this Agreement, a "Notice of Termination" means a
written notice which (i) indicates the specific termination provision in this
Agreement relied upon, and (ii) sets forth in reasonable detail the facts and
circumstances claimed to provide a basis for termination of the Executive's
employment under the provision so indicated.

                  3.3   Change in Control.

                  (a)   The term "Change in Control" for purposes of this
         Agreement shall mean a change in control of the Company of a nature
         that would be required to be reported in response to Item 6(e) of
         Schedule 14A of Regulation 14A promulgated under the Securities
         Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act") as in effect at
         the time of such "change in control", provided that such a change in
         control shall be deemed to have occurred at such time as

                  (i)   any "person" (as that term is used in Sections 13(d) and
                  14(d)(2) of the Exchange Act), other than Joseph L. Lanier,
                  Jr., is or becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rule
                  13d-3 under the Exchange Act) directly or indirectly, of
                  securities representing 30% or more of the combined voting
                  power for election of directors of the then outstanding
                  securities of the Company or any successor of the Company;

                  (ii)  during any period of two consecutive years or less,
                  individuals who at the beginning of such period constitute the
                  Board cease, for any reason, to constitute at least a majority
                  of the Board, unless the election or nomination for election
                  of each new director was approved by a vote of at least
                  two-thirds of the directors then still in office who were
                  directors at the beginning of the period;

                  (iii) the shareholders of the Company approve any
                  reorganization, merger, consolidation or share exchange as a
                  result of which the common stock of the Company shall be
                  changed, converted or exchanged into or for securities of
                  another corporation (other than a merger with a wholly-owned
                  subsidiary of the Company) or any dissolution or liquidation
                  of the Company or any sale or the disposition of 50% or more
                  of the assets or business of the Company; or

                  (iv)  the shareholders of the Company approve any
                  reorganization, merger, consolidation or share exchange unless
                  (A) the persons who were the beneficial owners of the
                  outstanding shares of the common stock of the Company
                  immediately before the consummation of such transaction
                  beneficially own securities representing 66 2/3% or more of
                  the combined voting power for election of directors of the
                  then outstanding securities of the Company or any successor or
                  survivor corporation in such transaction immediately following
                  the consummation of such transaction and (B) the number of
                  shares of the common stock of such successor or survivor
                  corporation beneficially owned by the persons described in (S)
                  3.3(a)(iv)(A) immediately following the consummation of such
                  transaction is beneficially owned by each such person in
                  substantially the same proportion that each such person had
                  beneficially owned shares of the Company common stock
                  immediately before the consummation of such transaction,
                  provided (C) the percentage described in (S) 3.3(a)(iv)(A) of
                  the beneficially owned shares of the successor or survivor
                  corporation and the number described in (S) 3.3(a)(iv)(B) of
                  the beneficially owned shares of the successor or survivor
                  corporation shall be determined exclusively by reference to
                  the shares of the

                                        3

<PAGE>

                  successor or survivor corporation which result from the
                  beneficial ownership of shares of common stock of the Company
                  by the persons described in (S) 3.3(a)(iv)(A) immediately
                  before the consummation of such transaction.

                  (b)   Change in Control Date. The term "Change in Control
         Date" for purposes of this Agreement shall mean the date which includes
         the "closing" of the transaction which results from a Change in Control
         or, if there is no transaction which results from a Change in Control,
         the date of such Change in Control as reported by the Company to the
         Securities and Exchange Commission.

                  (c)   Vesting of Equity-based Awards. All outstanding options,
         restricted stock and other equity-based awards which have been granted
         to Executive shall immediately vest on a Change in Control Date.

                  Section 4.     Result of Termination.

                  4.1.  Termination As Result of Voluntary or Good Cause
Termination Events. If the Executive's employment hereunder is terminated prior
to its expiration as a result of the occurrence of a Voluntary Termination Event
or a Good Cause Termination Event, as of the date of the termination of
Executive's employment hereunder, the Company shall have no further obligation
to pay to the Executive any Base Salary, Bonus or any other benefits pursuant to
this Agreement. If such termination occurs prior to the end of any pay period,
the Executive shall be entitled to receive a portion of the Base Salary for such
pay period prorated to the date on which the Executive's employment is
terminated.

                  4.2.  Termination As Result of No Cause or Good Reason
         Termination Event.

                  (a)   Severance Payments. If the Executive's employment
         hereunder is terminated as a result of the occurrence of a No Cause
         Termination Event or a Good Reason Termination Event, the Company shall
         pay to the Executive (i) the amount of Base Salary to which Executive
         would be entitled upon a termination of employment under a Voluntary
         Termination Event as described in (S) 4.1, and (ii) an amount equal to
         the Bonus the Executive would have been paid had the Executive remained
         employed throughout the year in which Executive's termination of
         employment occurred multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is
         the number of days during the year before Executive's termination of
         employment and the denominator of which is 365, plus (iii) an amount
         equal to 200% of Executive's aggregate annual Base Salary then in
         effect, plus 200% of the Executive's target Bonus for the year in which
         occurs the termination of employment and (iv) all reasonable
         business-related expenses incurred by the Executive prior to such
         termination for which the Executive would have been reimbursed pursuant
         to (S) 2.5 hereof (the amounts referred to in clauses (i), (ii), (iii)
         and (iv) being the "Severance Payments"). Except for the amount
         referred to in clause (ii), the Severance Payments shall be paid by the
         Company to the Executive within 10 days after such termination. The
         amount referred to in clause (ii) shall be paid as soon as is
         practicable after it is capable of being determined.

                  (b)   Severance Benefits. In addition to the Severance
         Payments, the Company shall continue to provide to the Executive (i)
         coverage under the healthcare, life insurance and accidental death and
         dismemberment plans programs and policies described in (S) 5.1 in which
         the Executive was covered immediately before the Executive's employment
         terminated as if Executive had remained employed by the Company for 24
         additional months after the actual termination of Executive's
         employment with no reduction in Executive's level of coverage, and (ii)
         credit as of the Executive's termination date with an additional
         retirement benefit equivalent to two additional "Years of Service"
         calculated and paid in the manner specified in the Dan River Inc.
         Restricted Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan as in effect on the
         earlier of the Change in Control Date or the Executive's date of
         termination, as if the Executive had remained employed by the Company
         and received the same Base Salary and target bonus in effect as of the
         date of termination for 24 additional consecutive months after the
         actual termination of his employment (the amounts referred to in
         clauses (i) and (ii) being the "Severance Benefits"). At the end of
         24 consecutive

                                        4

<PAGE>

         months following Executive's termination of employment, the Company
         shall, subject to (S) 4.3, make available to the Executive whatever
         healthcare continuation ("COBRA") coverage the Company would have been
         required under applicable law to make available to the Executive as of
         his employment termination date, or comparable coverage at comparable
         cost to the Executive.

                  (c)   Gross Up Payment. If all or any portion of the Severance
         Payments, the Severance Benefits or any other payment made to the
         Executive by or on behalf of the Company under this (S) 4.2 is subject
         to excise tax under (S) 4999 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
         amended (which shall be referred to in this (S) 4.2(c) as the "Code"),
         the Company shall pay to the Executive a "Gross Up Payment." The term
         "Gross Up Payment" as used in this Agreement shall mean a payment to or
         on behalf of the Executive which shall be sufficient to pay (i) 100% of
         any excise tax described in this (S) 4.2(c), (ii) 100% of any federal,
         state and local income tax and social security tax and other employment
         tax on the payment described in clause (i) above, and (iii) any
         interest or penalties assessed by the Internal Revenue Service on
         Executive which are related to the payment of such excise tax unless
         such interest or penalties are attributable to Executive's willful
         misconduct or negligence. A Gross Up Payment shall be made by the
         Company promptly after either the Company or the Company's independent
         accountants determine that any payments and benefits called for under
         this Agreement together with any other payments and benefits made
         available to the Executive by the Company and any other person will
         result in the Executive's being subject to an excise tax under (S) 4999
         of the Code or such an excise tax is assessed against the Executive as
         a result of any such payments and other benefits if the Executive takes
         such action as the Company reasonably requests under the circumstances
         to mitigate or challenge such excise tax. Any determinations under this
         (S)4.2(c) shall be made in accordance with (S) 280G of the Code and any
         applicable related regulations (whether proposed, temporary or final)
         and any related Internal Revenue Service rulings and any related case
         law and, if the Company reasonably requests that the Executive take
         action to mitigate or challenge, or to mitigate and challenge, any such
         tax or assessment and Executive complies with such request, the Company
         shall provide Executive with such information and such expert advice
         and assistance from the Company's independent accountants, lawyers and
         other advisors as the Executive may reasonably request and shall pay
         for all expenses incurred in effecting such compliance and any related
         fines, penalties, interest and other assessments.

                  (d)   Other than the Severance Payments, the Severance
         Benefits and the Gross Up Payment, the Company shall have no further
         obligation to pay the Executive any Base Salary, Bonus or any other
         benefits pursuant to this Agreement if the Executive's employment
         hereunder is terminated as a result of the occurrence of a No Cause
         Termination Event or a Good Reason Termination Event.

                  4.3.  Employment with Successor Employer. If, after a No Cause
or a Good Reason Termination Event, the Executive accepts employment with a
successor employer that offers coverage under healthcare, life insurance and
accidental death and dismemberment plans, programs and policies substantially
comparable to those plans, programs and policies afforded the Executive by the
Company, the Company's obligation to provide coverage under such plans, programs
and policies shall cease as and to the extent substantially comparable benefits
become available to the Executive through the successor employer. The Executive
shall keep the Company informed of any successor employer and the healthcare,
life insurance and accidental death and dismemberment plans, programs and
policies offered by any such employer. This (S) 4.3 shall not confer any right
on the Company (independent of its rights under applicable law) to fail to make
available healthcare continuation coverage as is required by applicable law to
the Executive, any dependent or former dependent of the Executive or other
beneficiary entitled to such coverage.

                  4.4.  Termination As Result of Disability Termination Event.
If the Executive's employment hereunder is terminated as a result of a
Disability Termination Event, as of the date of the termination of the
Executive's employment hereunder, the Company shall have no further obligation
to pay the Executive any Base Salary, Bonus or any other benefits pursuant to
this Agreement. If such termination occurs prior to the end of any pay period,
the Executive shall be entitled to receive a portion of the Base Salary and
Bonus for such pay period prorated to the date on which the Executive's
employment is terminated as provided in (S) 4.2(a)(i) above. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, if this Agreement is terminated as a result of the (a) death of the
Executive, the

                                        5

<PAGE>

Executive's family shall be entitled to receive benefits at least equal to those
provided by the Company to surviving families of senior executives of the
Company under such plans, programs and policies relating to family death
benefits, if any, in effect on the date of the Executive's death, or (b) total
disability of the Executive as described in (S) 3.1(a), in addition to the
benefits contemplated by (S) 5.1, the Executive shall be entitled to receive
disability and other benefits (provided that the Executive has paid applicable
premiums therefor) at least equal to those provided by the Company to disabled
employees and their families in accordance with such plans, program and policies
relating to disability, if any, in effect on the date of the Executive's total
disability.

                  Section 5.     Additional Employment Benefits

                  5.1.  Benefits. The Company shall provide the Executive with
such healthcare, life, accidental death and dismemberment and disability
insurance as the Board shall authorize from time to time for the benefit of
senior executives of the Company generally. In addition, the Executive shall
have the right to participate in all incentive, savings and retirement plans
(including without limitation "non-qualified" plans) available to senior
executives of the Company generally and to receive such additional fringe
benefits as the Board shall authorize from time to time for the benefit of
senior executives of the Company generally.

                  5.2.  Vacation. The Executive shall receive at least four (4)
weeks of paid vacation time each calendar year during the term of his employment
hereunder, which vacation shall be prorated if the Executive's employment
hereunder is terminated prior to December 31 of any year.

                  Section 6.     Covenants

                  6.1.  Confidential Information. Other than in connection with
performing his duties in good faith hereunder, during and for a period of two
years subsequent to termination of the Executive's employment for any reason,
the Executive hereby agrees that he will hold in confidence any confidential
information relating to the business or operations of the Company ("Confidential
Information") and will not use or disclose the same to any third party for any
reason (unless disclosure is compelled by judicial or administrative process, or
in the reasonable opinion of the Executive's counsel, by other requirements of
law). For purposes of this Agreement, the term "Confidential Information" means
any secret, confidential or proprietary information possessed by the Company
relating to the Company's businesses, including, without limitation, customer
lists, details of client or consultant contracts, current and anticipated
customer requirements, pricing policies, price lists, market studies, business
plans, operational methods, marketing plans or strategies, product development
techniques or flaws, computer software programs (including object codes and
source codes), data and documentation, database technologies, systems,
structures and architectures, inventions and ideas, past, current and planned
research and development, compilations, devices, methods, techniques, processes,
future business plans, licensing strategies, advertising campaigns, financial
information and data, business acquisition plans and new personnel acquisition
plans that has not become generally available to the public by the act of one
who has the right to disclose such information without violating any right of
the Company. Confidential Information shall not include information (a) known by
the Executive prior to his employment by the Company in any capacity, (b)
ascertained by the Executive other than in his capacity as the Executive Vice
President-Manufacturing of the Company, (c) ascertainable or obtained from
public or published sources, or (d) that is or becomes known to the public
(other than through a breach of this Agreement).

                  6.2.  Non-solicitation of Employees. If the Executive's
employment hereunder is terminated for any reason, the Executive agrees that he
shall not, during the two year period after the date of such termination,
without the Company's prior written consent, (a) directly or indirectly,
knowingly solicit or encourage to leave the employment of the Company, any
salaried employee of the Company with whom Executive had contact, knowledge of
or association at any time during the one year period immediately preceding
Executive's termination of employment, or (b) hire or assist any other person or
entity in hiring any salaried employee (other than the personal secretary of the
Executive or a relative of the Executive) who has left the employment of the
Company within one year of such termination of the Executive's employment and
with whom Executive had contact, knowledge of or association at any time during
the one year period immediately preceding Executive's termination of employment;

                                        6

<PAGE>

provided, however, that the Executive shall not be prohibited from hiring any
employee of the Company whose employment has been terminated by the Company
without good cause.

                  6.3.  Non-solicitation of Customers. If the Executive's
employment hereunder is terminated for any reason, the Executive agrees that he
shall not, during the two year period after the date of such termination, call
on or solicit on his own behalf or on behalf of any person, firm, partnership,
association, corporation or business organization, entity or enterprise, for the
purpose of competing with the Company, any customers of the Company with whom
the Executive had contact at any time during the one year period immediately
preceding the applicable termination event.

                  6.4.  No Waiver. This (S) 6 is intended to provide rights to
the Company which are in addition to, not in lieu of, those rights the Company
has under the common law or applicable statutes, including the common law or
applicable statutes for the protection of confidential information or trade
secrets.

                  Section 7.     Miscellaneous

                  7.1.  Indemnification. The Company shall indemnify and hold
the Executive harmless to the fullest extent permitted under applicable law as
it presently exists or may hereafter be amended (but, in the case of any such
amendment, only to the extent that such amendment permits the Company to provide
broader indemnification rights than said law permitted prior to such amendment)
against all expense, liability and loss (including attorneys' fees, judgements,
fines, ERISA excise taxes or penalties and amounts to be paid in settlement)
incurred in connection with any asserted or threatened action, suit or
proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, by reason
of the fact that he was an officer, director or employee of the Company or its
former parent, Braelan Corp. ("Braelan") or was serving at the request of the
Company or Braelan as an officer, director, employee, fiduciary or agent of
another corporation or other entity. In the event that the Executive shall
receive written notice of any claim or proceeding against him that, if
successful, might result in a claim under this (S) 7.1, the Executive shall give
written notice to the Company of such claim or proceeding and shall permit the
Company to participate in the defense of such claim or proceeding by counsel of
the Company's own choosing and at the expense of the Company. In addition, upon
the written request of the Company, the Company may assume at its own expense
the defense of any such claim or proceeding, provided that the Executive may
participate at his expense in any such defense to the extent he may deem
necessary or appropriate to protect his interests. Upon the final determination
of any such claim or proceeding, the defense of which has been assumed by the
Company, the Company shall fully discharge at its own expense all liability of
the Executive and shall be entitled at its own expense, but without any
liability of the Executive therefor, to compromise or settle any such claim or
proceeding upon terms reasonably satisfactory to both the Company and the
Executive.

                  7.2.  No Disclosure. Each party hereto agrees that if the
Executive's employment by the Company is terminated for any reason whatsoever,
each party hereto will keep confidential and not make any public disclosures
concerning the circumstances relating to such termination.

                  7.3.  No Litigation. The Executive represents and warrants to
the Company that there are no litigation proceedings pending or, to his
knowledge, threatened against the Executive in his individual capacity or in any
capacity that might give rise to a claim for indemnification under (S) 7.1
hereof.

                  7.4.  Binding Effect. This Agreement shall inure to the
benefit of and shall be binding upon the Executive and his executor,
administrator, heirs, personal representative and assigns, and the Company and
its successors and assigns; provided, however, that the Executive shall not be
entitled to assign or delegate any of his rights or obligations hereunder
without the prior written consent of the Company. Subject to the foregoing,
there are no third party beneficiaries of this Agreement.

                  7.5.  No Mitigation. In no event shall the Executive be
obligated to seek employment in mitigation of amounts payable to the Executive
pursuant to (S) 4 hereof, and the employment of the Executive after the

                                        7

<PAGE>

termination of the Executive's employment by the Company shall not affect in any
way or offset any amounts payable to the Executive pursuant to this Agreement.

                  7.6.  Fees. The Company agrees to pay to the Executive to the
fullest extent permitted by law all fees and expenses (including reasonable
attorneys' fees) incurred by the Executive in seeking to enforce any provision
of this Agreement, provided that the Executive shall refund such fee and expense
payments if it is finally judicially determined that the Executive is not
entitled to any relief.

                  7.7.  Governing Law. This Agreement shall be deemed to be made
in, and in all respects shall be interpreted, construed and governed by and in
accordance with, the laws of the State of Georgia, without reference to
principles of conflict of laws. No provision of this Agreement or any related
document shall be construed against or interpreted to the disadvantage of any
party hereto by any court or other governmental or judicial authority by reason
of such party having or being deemed to have structured or drafted such
Provision.

                  7.8.  Survival of Certain Agreements. The agreements and
covenants set forth in (S) 6 hereof shall survive the termination of the
Executive's employment under this Agreement for any reason.

                  7.9.  Headings. The section and paragraph headings contained
in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not affect in any
way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.

                  7.10. Notices. Unless otherwise agreed to in writing by the
parties hereto, all communications provided for hereunder shall be in writing
and shall be deemed to be given when delivered in person or five (5) business
days after being sent by first class mail, certified, return receipt requested,
and addressed as follows:

                  (a) If to the Executive, addressed to:

                          Gregory R. Boozer
                          111 Westwood Drive
                          Danville, Virginia 24541

                  (b) If to the Company, addressed to:

                          Dan River Inc.
                          2291 Memorial Drive
                          Danville, Virginia  24541

                          Attention:       Board of Directors
                                           c/o Corporate Secretary

or to such other person or address as shall be furnished in writing by any party
to the other prior to the giving of the applicable notice or communication.

                  7.11. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two or
more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original but all of
which together shall constitute one and the same instrument.

                  7.12. Entire Agreement. This Agreement is intended by the
parties hereto to be the final expression of their agreement with respect to the
subject matter hereof and is the complete and exclusive statement of the terms
thereof, notwithstanding any representations, statements or agreements to the
contrary heretofore made. This Agreement may be modified only by a written
instrument signed by each of the parties hereto.

                  7.13. Non-exclusivity of Rights. Nothing in this Agreement
shall prevent or limit the Executive's continuing or future participation in any
benefit, bonus, incentive or other plan or program provided by the Company or
any of its Affiliates for which the Executive may qualify, nor, except as set
forth in (S) 7.15 below, shall anything herein limit or otherwise affect such
rights as the Executive may have under any other agreements with the Company

                                        8

<PAGE>

or any of its Affiliates. Amounts which are vested benefits or which
the Executive is otherwise entitled to receive under any plan or program of the
Company or any of its Affiliates at or subsequent to the date on which his
employment hereunder is terminated shall be payable in accordance with such plan
or program.

                  7.14. Severability. In the event that any provision of this
Agreement shall be deemed invalid or unenforceable, the remaining provisions of
this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect.

                  7.15. Prior Agreements. This agreement replaces and supersedes
that certain agreement dated as of September 3, 1991 concerning the subject
matter hereof, which Agreement is hereby cancelled as of the effective date of
this Agreement.

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as
of the date first above written.

                                          THE COMPANY
                                          DAN RIVER INC.


                                          By: /s/ Joseph L. Lanier, Jr.
                                              ---------------------------------
                                              Joseph L. Lanier, Jr.
                                              Chairman




[CORPORATE SEAL]


ATTEST:


By: /s/ Harry L. Goodrich
    -----------------------------
    Harry L. Goodrich
    Secretary

                                          THE EXECUTIVE


                                           /s/ Gregory R. Boozer
                                          --------------------------------------
                                          Gregory R. Boozer

                                        9

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
