<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>d11936_ex10-22.txt
<TEXT>
                                                                   Exhibit 10.22

                              TELULAR CORPORATION
                FIFTH AMENDED AND RESTATED STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN

1. Purpose

      The Telular Corporation Stock Incentive Plan (the Plan) is an amendment
and restatement of the Telular Corporation Amended and Restated Stock Option
Plan. The Plan is designed to enable directors, officers and all employees of
Telular Corporation (the Company) to acquire or increase a proprietary interest
in the Company, and thus to Share in the future success of the Company's
business. Accordingly, the Plan is intended as a means of attracting and
retaining directors, officers and employees of outstanding ability, and of
increasing the identity of interests between them and the Company's
Shareholders, by providing an incentive to perform in a superior manner and
rewarding such performance. Because the individuals eligible to receive Awards
under the Plan will be those who are in positions to make important and direct
contributions to the success of the Company, the directors believe that the
grant of Awards will advance the interests of the Company and the Shareholders.

2. Definitions

      In this Plan document, unless the context clearly indicates otherwise,
words in the masculine gender shall be deemed to refer to females as well as to
males, any term used in the singular also shall refer to the plural, and the
following capitalized terms shall have the following meanings:

      (a)   "Agreement" means the written agreement to be entered into by the
            Company and the Grantee, as provided in Section 7 hereof.

      (b)   "Award" means an Option, a Stock Appreciation Right, a Performance
            Share, or any award described in Section 15 hereof.

      (c)   "Beneficiary" means the person or persons designated in writing by
            the Grantee as his beneficiary with respect to an Award in the event
            of the Grantee's death; or, in the absence of an effective
            designation or if the designated person or persons predecease the
            Grantee, the Grantee's Beneficiary shall be the person or persons
            who acquire by bequest or inheritance the Grantee's rights in
            respect of an Award. In order to be effective, a Grantee's
            designation of a Beneficiary must be on file with the Committee
            before the Grantee's death. Any such designation may be revoked by
            the Grantee and a new designation substituted therefor at any time
            before the Grantee's death.

      (d)   "Board of Directors" or "Board" means the Board of Directors of the
            Company.

      (e)   A "Change in Control" shall be deemed to occur when and if any of
            the following events occurs:

            (i)   the Company acquires knowledge that any "person" or "group"
                  within the meaning of Section 13(d) and 14(d) (2) of the 1934
                  Act in a transaction or series of transactions has become the
                  "beneficial owner," as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the 1934
                  Act, directly or indirectly, of a majority of the then
                  outstanding voting securities of the Company (not including
                  voting securities held by officers or directors of the Company
                  within the meaning of Section 16 of the 1934 Act), otherwise
                  than through a transaction or series of transactions arranged
                  by, or consummated with the prior approval of, the Board; or

            (ii)  the consummation of a merger or consolidation of the Company
                  with, or a sale of all or substantially all of the assets of
                  the Company to, another corporation unaffiliated with the
                  Company that has been approved by the holders of a majority of
                  the outstanding voting securities of the Company (not
                  including any voting


                                       1
<PAGE>

                  securities that are held by directors or officers of the
                  Company within the meaning of Section 16 of the 1934 Act) and
                  after which merger, consolidation or the Shareholders of the
                  Company immediately prior thereto do not beneficially own at
                  least a majority of the combined voting power of the then
                  outstanding voting securities entitled to vote generally in
                  the election of directors of the corporation surviving such
                  merger or consolidation or to which all or substantially all
                  such assets are transferred.

      (f)   "Code" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time
            to time.

      (g)   "Committee" means a committee, appointed or approved by the Board
            pursuant to Section 5(a) below, consisting of not less than two
            directors who are "disinterested persons" within the meaning of Rule
            16b-3 under the 1934 Act (or any successor rule of similar import)
            or such greater number of directors as may be required to satisfy
            the requirements of Rule 16b-3 as in effect from time to time. To
            the extent that it is determined desirable to exempt any
            compensation earned under the Plan from the limitation on deductions
            imposed by Section 162(m) of the Code and the rules and regulations
            thereunder, membership in the Committee may be limited as necessary
            to exempt such compensation from such limitation.

      (h)   "Company" means Telular Corporation.

      (i)   "Disability" means having a total and permanent disability as
            defined in Section 22(e) (3) of the Code.

      (j)   "Fair Market Value" means, when used in connection with the Shares
            on a certain date, (1) the closing price if Shares are listed on
            NASDAQ or any national stock exchange, or (2) if Shares are not so
            listed, any other appropriate method that the Committee deems fair
            and equitable.

      (k)   "Grantee" means a person to whom an Award has been granted under the
            Plan.

      (l)   "Incentive Stock Option" means an Option that complies with the
            terms and conditions set forth in Section 422(b) of the Code and is
            designated by the Committee as an Incentive Stock Option.

      (m)   "1934 Act" means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended
            from time to time.

      (n)   "Nonqualified Stock Option" means an Option granted under the Plan
            other than an Incentive Stock Option.

      (o)   "Option" means an option to purchase a Share or Shares under the
            Plan. Unless the context clearly indicates otherwise, the term
            "Option" shall include both Incentive Stock Options and Nonqualified
            Stock Options.

      (p)   "Parent" means any parent corporation of the Company within the
            meaning of Section 424(e) of the Code (or a successor provision of
            similar import).

      (q)   "Payment Date" means the date specified by the Committee at the
            grant of a Performance Share that is used to determine the amount
            and timing of a payment with respect to a Performance Share. A
            Payment Date may be a certain date or the date on which a
            performance goal is attained.

      (r)   "Performance Share" means a right that provides for a payment in
            accordance with Section 14 hereof.

      (s)   "Plan" means the Telular Corporation Stock Incentive Plan, as set
            forth herein and as amended from time to time. Unless the context
            clearly indicates otherwise, the term "Plan" includes the Telular
            Corporation Stock Option Plan prior to its amendment and
            restatement.

      (t)   "Shares" means shares of the Common Stock, par value $.01 per Share,
            of the Company.


                                       2
<PAGE>

      (u)   "Stock Appreciation Right" or "Right" means a right that provides
            for a payment in accordance with Section 10 hereof.

      (v)   "Subsidiary" means any subsidiary corporation of the Company within
            the meaning of Section 424(f) of the Code (or a successor provision
            of similar import).

      (w)   "Term" means the period during which a particular Option or Right
            may be exercised.

3. Adoption and Duration of the Plan

      (a)   The Plan is effective as of November 17, 1993, and shall terminate
            ten years after such effective date, unless it is sooner terminated
            in accordance with Section 22 hereof. Any Award outstanding at the
            time that the Plan is terminated shall not cease to be or cease to
            become exercisable pursuant to its terms because of the termination
            of the Plan.

      (b)   The Plan shall be approved either (1) by the affirmative vote of the
            holders of a majority of the outstanding Shares present in person or
            represented by proxy and entitled to vote at a meeting of the
            stockholders of the Company duly called for such purpose, or (2) by
            the written consent of the holders of a majority of the outstanding
            Shares entitled to vote.

4. Number and Source of Shares Subject to the Plan

      (a)   The Company may grant Awards under the Plan (including Options
            granted prior to this amendment and restatement) with respect to not
            more than 2,850,000 Shares (subject, however, to adjustment as
            provided in Section 21 hereof), which Shares may be provided from
            the Company's treasury, by the issuance of authorized but unissued
            Shares, and/or by the purchase of outstanding Shares in the open
            market or in private transactions. The grant of an Award shall be
            deemed to be a grant of Shares equal to the greater of (i) the
            number of Shares on the basis of which the Award is calculated or
            (ii) the number of Shares issued (if Shares are issued) or the
            number of Shares with a Fair Market Value at the time of
            distribution equal to the cash distributed (if cash is distributed).

      (b)   If, and to the extent that, all or part of an Award previously
            granted (including an Option granted prior to this amendment and
            restatement) is surrendered, lapses, expires, is forfeited or is
            terminated, in whole or in part, in such manner that all or some of
            the Shares that are the subject of the Award are not issued to a
            Grantee (and cash or any other form of consideration is not paid in
            lieu thereof pursuant to any tandem arrangement or otherwise), then
            such Shares subject to the Award again shall become available for
            the granting of Awards under the Plan within the limitation stated
            in subsection (a). Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) if, while any
            Award is outstanding, the Grantee thereof receives any benefits of
            ownership of the Shares (such as the right to vote or receive
            dividends) or (ii) if any Shares previously issued under the Plan
            are surrendered, or any Shares issuable under the Plan are withheld,
            in payment of the exercise price or purchase price of an Award or to
            satisfy tax withholding obligations associated with any Award, then
            in each such case such Shares shall not again be available for
            Awards under the Plan.

5. Administration of the Plan

      (a)   The Plan shall be administered by the Committee. The members of the
            Committee shall be appointed by the Board from time to time and
            shall serve at the pleasure of the Board.

      (b)   The Committee shall adopt such rules of procedure as it may deem
            appropriate for the proper administration of the Plan. All actions
            of the Committee under the Plan shall be effective if taken either
            (1) by a majority vote of


                                       3
<PAGE>
            the members then in office at a meeting duly called and held or (2)
            by execution of a written instrument signed by all of the members
            then in office.

      (c)   The powers of the Committee shall include plenary authority to
            interpret the Plan. Subject to the provisions of the Plan, the
            Committee shall have the authority, in its sole discretion, from
            time to time: (1) to select the officers and key employees to whom
            Awards shall be granted; (2) to determine the date on which each
            Award shall be granted; (3) to prescribe the number of Shares
            subject to each Award; (4) to determine the type of each Award; (5)
            to determine the Term of each Award; (6) to determine the periods
            during which Awards may be exercised and the restrictions and
            limitations upon exercise of Awards or the receipt of Shares; (7) to
            prescribe any performance criteria pursuant to which Awards may be
            granted or may become exercisable or payable; (8) to prescribe any
            limitations, restrictions or conditions on any Award; (9) to
            prescribe the provisions of each Agreement, which shall not be
            inconsistent with the terms of the Plan; (10) to adopt, amend and
            rescind rules and regulations relating to the Plan; and (11) to make
            all other determinations and take all other actions that are
            necessary or advisable for the implementation and administration of
            the Plan.

6. Individuals Eligible to Receive Awards

      (a)   Awards may be granted under the Plan to officers and key employees
            of the Company or any Subsidiary, including officers and key
            employees who also serve as members of the Board. All determinations
            by the Committee as to the individuals to whom Awards shall be
            granted hereunder shall be conclusive.

      (b)   Directors who are not regular salaried employees of the Company or
            any Subsidiary shall not be eligible to receive Awards.

      (c)   A Grantee may receive more than one Award. A Grantee may not receive
            Awards with respect to more than 750,000 Shares (subject, however,
            to adjustment as provided in Section 21) in any three-year period.
            For purposes of the application of this limitation, if an Award is
            canceled, the Shares subject to the canceled Award shall continue to
            be counted against the maximum number of Shares for which Awards may
            be granted to the Grantee. If, after the grant of an Award, the
            exercise price or purchase price of the Award is reduced,
            transaction shall be treated as a cancellation of the Award and a
            grant of a new Award, and both the Shares subject to the Award that
            is deemed to be canceled and the Shares subject to the Award that is
            deemed to be granted shall reduce the maximum number of Shares for
            which Awards may be granted to the Grantee.

7. Agreement

      (a)   Each Award shall be evidenced by an Agreement setting forth the
            number of Shares subject to the Award or to which such Award
            corresponds, and the terms, conditions and restrictions applicable
            thereto.

      (b)   Appropriate officers of the Company are hereby authorized to execute
            and deliver Agreements in the name of the Company as directed from
            time to time by the Committee.

8. Incentive Stock Options

      (a)   The Committee may authorize the grant of Incentive Stock Options to
            directors, officers and employees, subject to the terms and
            conditions set forth in the Plan. The Agreement relating to an
            Incentive Stock Option shall state that the Option evidenced by the
            Agreement is intended to be an Incentive Stock Option within the
            meaning of Section 422(b) of the Code.

      (b)   The Term of each Incentive Stock Option shall end (unless the Option
            shall have terminated earlier under another provision of the Plan)
            on a date fixed by the Committee and set forth in the applicable
            Agreement. In no event shall the Term of the Option extend beyond
            ten years from the date of grant of the Option. In the case of any
            Grantee who, on the date the Option is granted, owns (within the
            meaning of Section 424(d) of the Code)

                                       4
<PAGE>
            more than 10 percent of the total combined voting power of all
            classes of stock of the Company, a Parent (if any), or a Subsidiary
            (if any), the Term of the Option shall not extend beyond five years
            from the date of grant.

      (c)   To the extent that the aggregate Fair Market Value of the stock with
            respect to which Incentive Stock Options (determined without regard
            to this subsection (c)) are exercisable by any Grantee for the
            first time during any calendar year (under all stock option plans of
            the Company, its Parent (if any) and its Subsidiaries (if any))
            exceeds $100,000, such Options shall not be Incentive Stock Options.
            For the purposes of this subsection (c), the Fair Market Value of
            stock shall be determined as of the time the Option with respect to
            such stock is granted. This subsection (c) shall be applied by
            taking Options into account in the order in which they were granted.

      (d)   The Option price per Share established by the Committee for an
            Incentive Stock Option shall not be less than the Fair Market Value
            of a Share on the date the Option is granted, except that in the
            case of an Incentive Stock Option granted to a Grantee who, on the
            date the Option is granted, owns (within the meaning of Section
            424(d) of the Code) more than 10 percent of the total combined
            voting power of all classes of stock of the Company, a Parent (if
            any), or a Subsidiary (if any), the Option price for each Share
            shall not be less than 110 percent of the Fair Market Value of a
            Share on the date the Option is granted. In no event may an
            Incentive Stock Option be granted if the Option price per Share is
            less than the par value of a Share.

      (e)   Any Grantee who disposes of Shares purchased upon the exercise of an
            Incentive Stock Option either (1) within two years after the date on
            which the Option was granted, or (2) within one year after the
            transfer of such Shares to the Grantee, shall promptly notify the
            Company of the date of such disposition and of the amount realized
            upon such disposition.

9. Nonqualified Stock Options

      (a)   The Committee may authorize the grant of Nonqualified Stock Options
            subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Plan. Unless an
            Option is designated by the Committee as an Incentive Stock Option,
            it is intended that the Option will not be an Incentive Stock Option
            within the meaning of Section 422(b) of the Code and instead, will
            be a Nonqualified Stock Option. The Agreement relating to a
            Nonqualified Stock Option shall state that the Option evidenced by
            the Agreement shall not be treated as an Incentive Stock Option.

      (b)   The Term of each Nonqualified Stock Option shall end (unless the
            Option shall have terminated earlier under another provision of the
            Plan) on a date fixed by the Committee and set forth in the
            applicable Agreement. In no event shall the Term of the Nonqualified
            Stock Option extend beyond ten years from the date of grant of the
            Option.

      (c)   The Option price to be paid by the Grantee for each Share purchased
            upon the exercise of a Nonqualified Stock Option shall be
            established by the Committee and set forth in the applicable
            Agreement. The Option price per Share of a Nonqualified Stock Option
            may not be less than the par value of a Share.

10. Stock Appreciation Rights

      (a)   The Committee may, from time to time, grant Stock Appreciation
            Rights either (1) in tandem with all or a portion of an Option
            granted under the Plan or (2) independent of any Option granted
            under the Plan. A tandem Right shall be exercisable only at such
            times, and to such extent, as the related Option is exercisable. An
            independent Right shall be exercisable at such time and to such
            extent as the Committee shall determine.

      (b)   Any Stock Appreciation Right shall permit the Grantee to receive,
            upon exercise of the Right, an amount (to be paid in cash, in Shares
            or in both cash and Shares, as determined by the Committee in its
            sole discretion at any time prior to or after exercise) equal in
            value to the difference between (1) the Fair Market Value on the
            date of exercise of the Shares with respect to which the Right is
            exercised and (2) either (i) the Option price of the

                                       5
<PAGE>

            related Option in the case of a Right that is related to an Option
            or (ii) the Fair Market Value of a Share on the date the Right was
            granted in the case of a Right that is not related to any Option.

      (c)   With respect to Rights granted under the Plan, the Committee may
            establish such waiting periods, exercise dates and other limitations
            as it shall deem appropriate in its sole discretion, provided that
            (1) no Right that is granted in tandem with an Option may be
            exercised after the expiration of the Term of such Option and (2)
            the exercise of a Right (whether or not in tandem with an Option)
            for cash by a director or officer (within the meaning of Rule 16b-3
            under the 1934 Act) of the Company is subject to the following
            conditions: (A) the Company shall have been subject to the reporting
            requirements of Section 13(a) of the 1934 Act for at least one year
            prior to the exercise and shall have filed all reports required to
            be filed under Section 13(a) during such period, (B) the Company
            shall have regularly released for publication quarterly and annual
            summary statements of sales and earnings, (C) the Committee, which
            shall have sole discretion to approve or disapprove the election of
            the Grantee to receive cash as whole or partial settlement of the
            Right, approves the Grantee's election to receive cash after the
            election is made, (D) the exercise occurs during one of the window
            periods described in clause (e) (3) of Rule 16b-3 and (E) the Right
            is not exercised prior to the expiration of a six-month period after
            the date of the grant or, if later, stockholder approval of the Plan
            as provided in Section 3(b). In addition, the Committee may impose
            a prohibition on the exercise of Rights for such period or periods
            as it, in its sole discretion, deems to be in the best interest of
            the Company.

      (d)   The right of a Grantee to exercise an Option shall be canceled if
            and to the extent that the Shares subject to the Option are used to
            calculate the amount to be received upon the exercise of a tandem
            Right, and the right of a Grantee to exercise a tandem Right shall
            be canceled if and to the extent that the Shares subject to the
            Right are purchased upon the exercise of the related Option.

      (e)   A tandem Right may be granted coincident with or after the grant of
            any related Option; provided that the Committee shall consult with
            counsel before granting a tandem Right after the grant of a related
            Incentive Stock Option.

11. Exercisability of Options and Rights

      (a)   The Committee shall have authority to grant (1) Options and Rights
            that are exercisable in full at any time during their Term and (2)
            Options and Rights that become exercisable in installments during
            their Term. In exercising an Option or Right, the Grantee may
            purchase less than all of the Shares available under the Option or
            Right. No Option or Right granted to a director or officer of the
            Company (within the meaning of Section 16 of the 1934 Act) shall be
            exercisable within six months after the date of the grant of such
            Option or Right (or, if later, within six months following the date
            of stockholder approval of the Plan as provided in Section 3(b)).

      (b)   The Committee may provide in the Agreement that the Option and/or
            Right becomes exercisable in full, notwithstanding the applicability
            of any limitation on the exercise of such Option or Right (other
            than the six-month waiting period described in the final sentence of
            subsection (a) above) beginning on the date on which a Change in
            Control has occurred.


                                       6
<PAGE>

12. Exercise of Option or Right

      (a)   Options or Rights shall be exercised by delivering or mailing to the
            Committee: (1) in the form and in the manner prescribed by the
            Committee, a notice specifying the number of Shares to be purchased
            or the number of Shares with respect to which a Right shall be
            exercised, and (2) if an Option is exercised, payment in full of the
            Option price for the Shares so purchased by a method described in
            Section 17 hereof.

      (b)   Subject to Section 16(a) hereof, upon receipt of the notice of
            exercise and payment of the Option price in the case of an Option,
            the Company shall promptly deliver to the Grantee (or Beneficiary) a
            certificate or certificates for the Shares to which he is entitled,
            without charge to him for issue or transfer tax.

      (c)   Upon the purchase of Shares under an Option or Right, the stock
            certificate or certificates may, at the request of the purchaser or
            recipient, be issued in his name and the name of another person as
            joint tenants with right of survivorship.

13. Exercise of Options or Rights After Termination of Employment

      (a)   The Committee may provide in the Agreement that the Option and/or
            Right shall cease to be exercisable after the Grantee's employment
            with the Company and its Subsidiaries (if any) terminates. The
            Committee also may provide in the Agreement that the Option and/or
            Right shall continue to be exercisable for a specified period (but
            not after such period) after the Grantee's employment with the
            Company and its Subsidiaries (if any) terminates. The period during
            which the Option and/or Right shall remain exercisable may vary
            according to the reason for the termination. In no event shall an
            Option and/or Right be exercisable after the expiration date
            specified in the Agreement.

      (b)   An Incentive Stock Option shall be treated as a Nonqualified Stock
            Option if it is exercised more than 12 months after a termination of
            employment because of a Disability or more than three months after a
            termination of employment for any reason other than death or
            Disability.

      (c)   The Committee may provide in the Agreement that the Option and/or
            Right shall become immediately exercisable in full upon the
            Grantee's termination of employment for specified reasons such as
            Disability or death; notwithstanding any provision of the Option
            and/or Right that provides for the exercise of the Option and/or
            Right in installments, except for the six-month waiting period
            described in the final sentence of Section 11(a). Any Option or
            Right that would have become immediately exercisable in full upon
            such a termination but for the application of such six-month waiting
            period shall become immediately exercisable in full upon the
            expiration of such six-month waiting period.

14. Performance Shares

      The Committee may, from time to time, grant Performance Shares. A
Performance Share shall entitle the Grantee to receive a payment as soon as
practicable after a Payment Date (specified by the Committee at the time of the
grant of the Performance Share) in an amount equal to the excess (if any)
between (1) the Fair Market Value of a Share on the Payment Date and (2) the
Fair Market Value of a Share on the date the Performance Share is granted.
Unless the Committee provides otherwise at the time of grant, a Grantee may
receive payment only if the Grantee remains continuously employed with the
Company or a Subsidiary until such Payment Date. Payment may be made in cash,
Shares or in both cash or Shares, as determined by the Committee in its sole
discretion at any time prior to the Payment Date. A Performance Share does not
confer the right to vote or the right to receive dividends. At the time of the
grant of the Performance Share, the Committee may establish such terms,
limitations and restrictions as it deems advisable, including providing for the
acceleration of the Payment Date upon the occurrence of certain events.


                                       7
<PAGE>
15. Stock-Based Awards

      The Committee may, from time to time, grant Awards under the Plan that
consist of, are denominated in or payable in, are valued in whole or in part by
reference to, or otherwise are based on or related to, Shares, provided that
such grants comply with applicable law. The Committee may subject such Awards to
such vesting or earn-out provisions, restrictions on transfer, and/or other
restrictions on incidents of ownership as the Committee may determine, provided
that such restrictions are not inconsistent with the terms of the Plan. The
Committee may grant Awards under this Section 15 that require no payment of
consideration by the Grantee (other than services previously rendered or, as may
be permitted by applicable law, services to be rendered), either on the date of
grant or the date any restriction(s) thereon are removed. Awards granted under
this Section 15 may include, by way of example, restricted Shares, performance
bonus awards, and other Awards that are payable in cash, or that are payable in
cash or Shares or other property (at the election of the Committee or, if the
Committee so provides, at the election of the Grantee), provided that such
Awards are denominated in Shares, valued in whole or in part by reference to
Shares, or otherwise based on or related to Shares.

16. Conditions on Awards

      (a)   The grant or exercise of an Award and the distribution of Shares or
            cash under the Plan shall be subject to the condition that if at any
            time the Company shall determine (in accordance with the provisions
            of the following sentence) that it is necessary as a condition of,
            or in connection with, such grant, exercise or distribution (1) to
            satisfy withholding tax or other withholding liabilities, (2) to
            effect the listing, registration or qualification on any securities
            exchange, on any quotation system, or under any federal, state or
            local law, of any Shares otherwise deliverable in connection with
            such grant, exercise or distribution, or (3) to obtain the consent
            or approval of any regulatory body, then in any such event such
            grant, exercise or distribution shall not be effective unless such
            withholding, listing, registration, qualification, consent or
            approval shall have been effected or obtained free of any conditions
            not acceptable to the Company in its reasonable and good faith
            judgment. In seeking to effect or obtain any such withholding,
            listing, registration, qualification, consent or approval, the
            Company shall act with all reasonable diligence. Any such
            postponement or limitation affecting the right to exercise an Award
            or the grant or distribution of an Award, Shares or cash shall not
            extend the time within which the Award may be granted or exercised
            or the Shares or cash distributed, unless the Company and the
            Grantee choose to amend the terms of the Award to provide for such
            an extension; and neither the Company nor any of its directors or
            officers shall have any obligation or liability to the Grantee or to
            a Beneficiary by reason of any such postponement or limitation.

      (b)   All Awards granted under the Plan shall be nontransferable other
            than by will or by the laws of descent and distribution, and an
            Award may be exercised during the lifetime of the Grantee only by
            him.

17. Payment for Award

      Any exercise or purchase price of an Award may be payable, at the
discretion of the Committee, by any one or a combination of the following
methods: (1) by money order, cashier's check or certified check; (2) by having
the Company withhold Shares otherwise deliverable to the Grantee or by the
tender of other Shares to the Company; or (3) unless the Committee expressly
provides otherwise (at the time of grant in the case of Incentive Stock Option
or at any time prior to exercise or purchase in the case of any other Award) by
cash payment made by the Grantee's broker pursuant to the Grantee's instructions
(and, if so instructed by the Grantee, cash payment by the Grantee's broker of
the amount of any taxes to be withheld in connection with the exercise),
accompanied by the Grantee's irrevocable instructions to the Company to deliver
the Shares issuable upon exercise of the Option promptly to the broker for the
Grantee's account; provided that, in the case of any director or officer (within
the meaning of Section 16 of the 1934 Act) of the Company, such exercise would
not subject the Grantee to short-swing profit recovery provision of Section
16(b) of the 1934 Act. Shares tendered in satisfaction of the exercise price or
purchase price shall be valued at their Fair Market Value on the date of tender.
The Committee shall determine acceptable methods for tendering Shares to
exercise an Award under the Plan, and may impose such limitations and
prohibitions on the use of Shares to exercise Awards as it deems appropriate.
The date of exercise of an Award shall be deemed to be the date on which the
notice of exercise and payment of the

                                       8
<PAGE>

exercise price or purchase price are received by the Committee or, if such
notice of exercise and payment are mailed in the United States and the United
States Postal Service has stamped its postmark thereon, then on the date of such
postmark.

19. Tax Withholding

      (a)   The Company shall have the right to collect an amount sufficient to
            satisfy any federal, state and/or local withholding tax requirements
            that might apply with respect to any Award (including, without
            limitation, the exercise of an Option or Right, the disposition of
            Shares, or the grant or distribution of Shares or cash) in the
            manner specified in subsection (b) or (c) below. Alternatively, a
            Grantee may elect to satisfy any such withholding tax requirements
            in the manner specified in subsection (d) or (e) below to the extent
            permitted therein.

      (b)   The Company shall have the right to require Grantees to remit to the
            Company an amount sufficient to satisfy any such withholding tax
            requirements.

      (c)   The Company and any Subsidiary also shall, to the extent permitted
            by law, have the right to deduct from any payment of any kind
            (whether or not related to the Plan) otherwise due to a Grantee any
            such taxes required to be withheld.

      (d)   If the Committee in its sole discretion approves, a Grantee may
            irrevocably elect to have any withholding tax obligation satisfied
            by (i) having the Company withhold Shares otherwise deliverable to
            the Grantee with respect to the Award, or (ii) delivering other
            Shares to the Company; provided that, to the extent necessary for a
            director or an officer (within the meaning of Section 16 of the 1934
            Act) of the Company to obtain exemption from the short-swing profit
            recovery provisions of Section 16(b) of the 1934 Act, any such
            election either (i) shall be made by an irrevocable election made at
            least six months before the date on which the amount of the tax to
            be withheld is determined or (ii) is subject to the following
            conditions: (A) the Company shall have been subject to the reporting
            requirements of Section 13(a) of the 1934 Act for at least one year
            prior to the election and shall have filed all reports required to
            be filed under Section 13(a) during such period, (B) the Company
            shall have regularly released for publication quarterly and annual
            summary statements of sales and earnings, (C) the Committee, which
            shall have sole discretion to approve or disapprove such election,
            approves the election after the election is made, (D) the election
            occurs during (or in advance to take effect during) one of the
            window periods described in clause (c) (3) of Rule 16b-3 and (E) the
            election does not occur prior to the expiration of a six-month
            period after the date of the grant of the Award or, if later,
            stockholder approval of the Plan as provided in Section 3(b).

      (e)   If permitted by the Committee, a Grantee may elect to have any
            withholding tax obligation satisfied in the manner described in
            Section 17(3), to the extent permitted therein.

20. Fractional Shares

      No fractional Shares shall be issued pursuant to the Plan or any Award.
The Committee shall determine whether cash, other securities, or other property
shall be paid or transferred in lieu of fractional Shares, or whether fractional
Shares or any rights thereto shall be canceled, terminated or otherwise
eliminated.

21. Shareholder Rights

      (a)   No Award shall not confer upon a Grantee any rights of a Shareholder
            unless and until the Shares are actually issued to him.

      (b)   Subject to any required action by the Company's Shareholders, if the
            Company shall be a party to any merger, consolidation or
            reorganization in which Shares are changed or exchanged, a Grantee
            holding an outstanding



                                       9
<PAGE>

            Award shall be entitled to receive, upon the exercise of such Award,
            the same consideration that a holder of the same number of Shares
            that are subject to the Award is entitled to receive pursuant to
            such merger, consolidation or reorganization.

22. Adjustment for Changes in Capitalization

      In addition to the provisions of Section 20(b) above, in the event of (i)
any change in the Shares through merger, consolidation, reorganization,
recapitalization (ii) any dividend on the Shares that is payable in such Shares,
or (iii) a stock split or a combination of Shares, then, in any such case, the
aggregate number and type of Shares available for Awards, the number and type of
Shares subject to outstanding Awards, the exercise price or purchase price per
Share of each outstanding Award and the number of Shares with respect to which
Awards may be granted to a Grantee within any three-year period, shall be
adjusted by the Committee as it deems equitable in its sole and absolute
discretion to prevent substantial dilution or enlargement of the rights of the
Grantees, subject to any required action by the Shareholders of the Company; and
provided that with respect to Incentive Stock Options, no such adjustment shall
be required to the extent that such adjustment would cause such Options to
violate Section 422(b) of the Code.

23. Termination, Suspension or Modification of Plan

      The Board of Directors may at any time terminate, suspend or modify the
Plan, except that the Board shall not, without the approval of the holders of a
majority of the Company's outstanding Shares present in person or represented by
proxy and entitled to vote at a meeting of the stockholders of the Company duly
called for such purpose or by the written consent of the holders of a majority
of the outstanding Shares entitled to vote, (a) change the class of persons
eligible for Awards; (b) change the exercise price or purchase price of Awards
(other than through adjustment for changes in capitalization as provided in
Section 21 hereof) ; (c) increase the maximum duration of the Plan; (d)
materially increase the benefits accruing to participants under the Plan; or (e)
materially increase the number of securities that may be issued under the Plan.
No termination, suspension, or modification of the Plan shall adversely affect
any right acquired by any Grantee or by any Beneficiary, under the terms of any
Award granted before the date of such termination, suspension or modification,
unless such Grantee or Beneficiary shall consent; but it shall be conclusively
presumed that any adjustment for changes in capitalization in accordance with
Section 21 hereof does not adversely affect any such right.

25. Application of Proceeds

      The proceeds received by the Company from the sale of Shares under the
Plan shall be used for general corporate purposes.

26. Unfunded Plan

      The Plan shall be unfunded. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary shall
be required to segregate any assets that may be represented by any Awards, and
neither the Company nor any Subsidiary nor the Board shall be deemed to be a
trustee of any amounts to be paid under any Award. Any liability of the Company
or any Subsidiary to pay any Grantee or Beneficiary with respect to an Award
shall be based solely upon any contractual obligations created pursuant to the
provisions of the Plan and the applicable Agreement; no such obligation shall be
deemed to be secured by any pledge of, or encumbrance on, any property of the
Company or a Subsidiary.

27. General Provisions

      The grant of an Award at any time shall not give the Grantee any right to
similar grants at any other time or any right to be retained in the employ of
the Company or its Subsidiaries.


                                       10
<PAGE>

28. Governing Law

      The Plan shall be governed and its provisions construed, enforced and
administered in accordance with the laws of the state of Illinois, except to the
extent that such laws may be superseded by any federal law.

                                       11

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
