<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.71
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>doc8.txt
<TEXT>
<PAGE>





                                                                   Exhibit 10.71

                    [ENGLISH SUMMARY OF THE HEBREW ORIGINAL]


                    AGREEMENT OF LEASE DATED AUGUST 22, 2001
                                               BETWEEN
                AVIOD BUILDING AND EARTHWORKS COMPANY LTD. ET AL.
                                       AND
                        M.D.T. PROTECTIVE INDUSTRIES LTD.


     Summary of a Rental Agreement made and entered into in Tel Aviv on the 27th
day of August 2001 between Aviud Building and Earthworks Company Ltd et al. (the
"Lessor") and M.D.T. Protective Industries Ltd. (the "Lessee").

     1. Demised Premises.  The section of land 1 and 2 in section 3990, found in
the Northern Industrial Park, Lod, totaling 847 square meters.

     2. Rental Period.  The rental period will be for a period of 18 months from
the date,  starting on the date of exchange in according to the  conditions  set
out in the agreement. The Lessee has the right to extend the rental period under
the same  conditions  for an additional two 12-month  periods,  which will renew
automatically, unless the Lessee sends a letter in writing to the Lessor 90 days
before the end of the first rental period, before the end of the lease. Prior to
the  cessation of the relevant  rental  period the Lessee has to ensure that the
guarantees  that  were  given at the  beginning  of the  period  will  cover the
extended period. This includes post-dated checks for the rent. The Lessor agrees
that it will release the property no later than 15 days from the date agreed

     3. Rent. Rent payable for the contractual  period is $5.313  (equivalent in
New Israeli Shekels, based on the Bank of Israel exchange rate) per square meter
($4,500).  In addition to the rent  payable,  the Lessee is obligated to pay all
other taxes and all local authority fees during the rental period in addition to
all amenities, water, gas, electricity etc. including insurance. The Lessee will
also pay the  management  company  should it exist and should payment to them be
necessary.

     4. Renovations, Etc. The Lessor is responsible for any basic renovations in
infrastructure as outlined.  The Lessee or their representative is obligated not
to  interfere  with  these  works till they have been  completed.  The Lessee is
responsible for all the internal  renovations and plans shall be provided to the
Lessor ahead of time for their approval.

     5. Guarantees. The Lessee will provide the Lessor with a bank guarantee and
a personal guarantee.

     6.  Miscellaneous.  All  correspondence  will  be  sent  according  to  the
addresses  set out in this  contract  above  and  will  be  used  for all  legal
transactions,  or warning or request  which  could  arise out of this  contract.
Cancellation  of the lease is 14 days  ahead,  whereby  the Lessee  informs  the
Lessor to remove  itself from the building and return the property to the Lessor
in each one of the  following  conditions:  there is a breach of  contract;  the
Lessor  breached the  contract and did not rectify the breach  within the 14 day
period; the Lessor or one of the parties dies or declares bankruptcy.


<PAGE>




</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
