<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>h03586exv2w2.txt
<DESCRIPTION>SUPPLEMENT TO 3RD AMENDED JOINT CHAPTER 11 PLAN
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                     EXHIBIT 2.2


                         UNITED STATES BANKRUPTCY COURT
                           SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF TEXAS
                             CORPUS CHRISTI DIVISION

In re:                                  )
                                        )
EOTT ENERGY PARTNERS, L.P.              )            CASE NO. 02-21730
                                        )
EOTT ENERGY FINANCE CORP.               )            CASE NO. 02-21731
                                        )
EOTT ENERGY GENERAL PARTNER, L.L.C.     )            CASE NO. 02-21732
                                        )
EOTT ENERGY OPERATING LIMITED           )
PARTNERSHIP                             )            CASE NO. 02-21733
                                        )
EOTT ENERGY PIPELINE LIMITED            )
PARTNERSHIP                             )            CASE NO. 02-21735
                                        )
EOTT ENERGY CANADA LIMITED              )
PARTNERSHIP                             )            CASE NO. 02-21734
                                        )
EOTT ENERGY LIQUIDS, L.P.               )            CASE NO. 02-21736
                                        )
EOTT ENERGY CORP.                       )            CASE NO. 02-21788
                                        )
                Debtors                 )            (Jointly Administered under
                                        )            Case No. 02-21730)


           SUPPLEMENT/AMENDMENT TO THIRD AMENDED JOINT CHAPTER 11 PLAN
                  OF THE DEBTORS AND GLOSSARY OF DEFINED TERMS

         EOTT Energy Partners, L.P.; EOTT Energy Finance Corp.; EOTT Energy
General Partner, LLC; EOTT Energy Operating Limited Partnership; EOTT Energy
Pipeline Limited Partnership; EOTT Energy Canada Limited Partnership; EOTT
Energy Liquids, L.P., and EOTT Energy Corp. (collectively, the "Debtors") file
this Supplement/Amendment to Third Amended Joint Chapter 11 Plan of the Debtors
and Glossary of Defined Terms. This document outlines supplements/amendments to
the Third Amended Joint Chapter 11 Plan of the Debtors dated December 6, 2002
(the "Plan") and the Glossary of Defined Terms attached as Exhibit A to the Plan
(the "Glossary). The Debtors will seek approval, pursuant to 11 U.S.C. Section
1127, of the


                                       2
<PAGE>

supplements/amendments contained herein at the plan confirmation hearing On
confirmation of the Plan, the supplements/amendments described herein shall
become part of the Plan and Glossary as if originally contained in those
documents.

A.       SUPPLEMENTS/AMENDMENTS TO THE THIRD AMENDED JOINT CHAPTER 11 PLAN OF
         THE DEBTORS

         1.       Section 3.1 of the Plan is amended and supplemented in its
         entirety as follows:

         3.1      ADMINISTRATIVE CLAIMS BAR DATE. All applications or other
         requests for payment of Administrative Claims (except Professional Fee
         Claims and Administrative Tax Claims) arising on or before the
         Confirmation Date must be filed with the Bankruptcy Court and served on
         the Debtors, the U. S. Trustee, and any Committee within thirty (30)
         days after the Effective Date, or by such earlier deadline governing a
         particular Administrative Claim contained in an order of the Bankruptcy
         Court entered before the Confirmation Date. Any Administrative Claim
         (except Professional Fee Claims and Administrative Tax Claims) for
         which an application or request for payment is not filed by the
         deadline specified in this section shall be discharged and forever
         barred. The provisions of this section shall not apply to any
         Administrative Claims arising under the Enron Settlement Agreement nor
         any Administrative Claim held by a Trade Partner.

         2.       Section 3.5 of the Plan is amended and supplemented in its
         entirety as follows:

         3.5      PAYMENT OF ORDINARY COURSE LIABILITIES. Ordinary Course
         Liabilities shall be paid by the Debtors pursuant to the existing
         payment terms and conditions (whether arising under an agreement,
         applicable law, or otherwise) governing any particular Ordinary Course
         Liability. Nothwithstanding any other provision of the Plan (including
         section 3.3), Administrative Tax Claims related to ad valorem property
         taxes shall be considered and treated as Ordinary Course Liabilities
         under the Plan and paid by the applicable Debtors. The default
         provisions contained in section 4.2.2.1(v) of the Plan shall apply to
         Administrative Tax Claims related to ad valorem property taxes. Each
         holder of an Administrative Tax Claim related to ad valorem property
         taxes shall retain any Liens securing such Claim until it is satisfied
         in full pursuant to this section.

         3.       Section 4.2.2.1 of the Plan is amended in its entirety as
         follows:

         4.2.2.1  CASH PAYMENTS. The Consolidated Debtors may elect to satisfy
         an Allowed Secured Tax Claim or Class 2.1H Allowed Indemnifiable
         Secured Tax Claim through Cash payments in accordance with the
         following payment terms and conditions:


                                       2
<PAGE>
                  (i) Principal: The amount of the Allowed Secured Tax Claim or
                  Class 2.1H Allowed Indemnifiable Secured Tax Claim;

                  (ii) Interest: Six percent (6%) per annum from the Effective
                  Date until the Claim is fully paid;

                  (iii) Maturity: Six (6) years after the date the Allowed
                  Secured Tax Claim or Class 2.1H Allowed Indemnifiable Secured
                  Tax Claim was originally assessed;

                  (iv) Payment Terms: Consecutive equal quarterly installments
                  of principal and interest in the amount necessary to amortize
                  the principal over the period from the Effective Date through
                  the date of maturity of the particular Allowed Secured Tax
                  Claim or Class 2.1H Allowed Indemnifiable Secured Tax Claim,
                  together with interest. Payments shall commence on the
                  ninetieth (90th) day after the Effective Date and shall
                  continue quarterly thereafter until the maturity date. The
                  Consolidated Debtors may prepay, in whole or in part, any
                  Allowed Secured Tax Claim or Class 2.1H Allowed Indemnifiable
                  Secured Tax Claim at any time without penalty.

                  (v) Default: A default shall occur under this section if a
                  scheduled payment of an Allowed Secured Tax Claim or Class
                  2.1H Allowed Indemnifiable Secured Tax Claim is not timely
                  made in accordance with this section. In the event of such a
                  default, the holder of an Allowed Secured Tax Claim or Class
                  2.1H Allowed Indemnifiable Secured Tax Claim shall send
                  written notice of default to the parties listed in section
                  16.2 of the Plan. If the default is not cured within ten (10)
                  days after notice of default is received by the Debtors, the
                  taxing authority shall be entitled to proceed with the
                  enforcement of state law remedies for the collection of its
                  Allowed Secured Tax Claim or Class 2.1H Allowed Indemnifiable
                  Secured Tax Claim, subject to the limitations contained in
                  Bankruptcy Code section 506(b). The default provisions in this
                  section shall be in lieu of the default provisions contained
                  in Article 11 of the Plan.

                  (vi) Bankruptcy Code Section 506(b): To the extent permitted
                  under Bankruptcy Code section 506(b), each Allowed Secured Tax
                  Claim or Class 2.1H Allowed Indemnifiable Secured Tax Claim
                  shall accrue interest at the rate of six percent (6%) per
                  annum during the period from the Petition Date until the
                  Effective Date.

         4.       Section 5.1 of the Plan is amended in its entirety as follows:

         5.1      ASSUMPTION AND REJECTION. All Executory Contracts except those
         identified on the Rejection Schedule shall be assumed by the Debtors as
         of the Effective Date. The Debtors shall have the right to amend or
         otherwise modify

                                       3

<PAGE>

         the Rejection Schedule at any time on or before five (5) days before
         the Confirmation Hearing Date, and shall serve such amended Rejection
         Schedule only on those parties affected by the amendment or
         modification. Except as otherwise provided for in section 5.2 of the
         Plan, all Executory Contracts identified on the Rejection Schedule
         shall be rejected as of the Confirmation Date, unless such Executory
         Contracts have been previously rejected pursuant to an order of the
         Bankruptcy Court.

         5.       Section 5.2 of the Plan is amended in its entirety as follows:

         5.2      APPROVAL OF ASSUMPTION OR REJECTION. Entry of the Confirmation
         Order shall constitute the approval, under Bankruptcy Code section
         365(a), of (i) the rejection of the Executory Contracts identified in
         accordance with section 5.1 of the Plan as of the Confirmation Date and
         (ii) the assumption of all other Executory Contracts as of the
         Effective Date.

         6.       Section 5.4 of the Plan is amended in its entirety as follows:

         5.4      "CURE" PAYMENTS WITH REGARD TO ASSUMED EXECUTORY CONTRACTS OR
         UNEXPIRED LEASES. Any "cure" amounts that the Debtors believe are
         associated with Executory Contracts or Unexpired Leases proposed to be
         assumed pursuant to this Plan will be set forth in a notice ("Cure
         Payment Notice") to be filed and served at the same time as the
         Rejection Schedule. The Debtors shall have the right to amend or
         otherwise modify the Cure Payment Notice at any time on or before five
         (5) days before the Confirmation Hearing Date, and shall serve such
         amended Cure Payment Notice (the "Amended Cure Payment Notice") only on
         those parties affected by the amendment or modification. The "cure"
         amounts will be paid by the Debtors in cash in full on the Effective
         Date, or as soon as practicable thereafter, to the respective parties
         owed such amounts, in accordance with section 365(b)(1) of the
         Bankruptcy Code, except that in the event of a dispute regarding the
         amount of any "cure" payments, the "cure" payments required by section
         365(b)(1) of the Bankruptcy Code shall be made by the Debtors only
         after the entry of a Final Order of the Bankruptcy Court resolving the
         dispute or after the parties have otherwise reached agreements.

         7.       The Plan is supplemented to include the heading for Section
         5.5 as follows:

         5.5      DEADLINES FOR OBJECTING TO "CURE" AMOUNTS.

         8.       The Plan is supplemented to include Section 5.5.1 as follows:

         5.5.1    DEADLINE FOR PARTIES LISTED ON ORIGINAL CURE PAYMENT NOTICE.
         If a party disputes the "cure" amount set forth in the Cure Payment
         Notice (or if no "cure" amount is indicated as being owed in the Cure
         Payment Notice for a particular Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease
         and an affected party believes there is a "cure" amount owing), or if a
         party otherwise objects to assumption pursuant to


                                       4
<PAGE>

         section 365(b)(1) of the Bankruptcy Code and pursuant to the Plan, then
         the affected party(ies) to the Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease
         should file a written objection and serve it on the Debtors' counsel,
         which objection shall be filed and served so as to be received at least
         two (2) days prior to the Confirmation Hearing. A party's failure to
         file and serve such an objection at least two (2) days prior to the
         Confirmation Hearing will be deemed a waiver of any objection to
         assumption or to the "cure" amounts set forth in the Cure Payment
         Notice, and the Debtors will present a confirmation order at the
         Confirmation Hearing that will provide for approval of the assumption
         and the "cure" amounts, as set forth in the Cure Payment Notice, which
         order will be binding on parties in interest receiving the Cure Payment
         Notice.

         9.       The Plan is supplemented to include Section 5.5.2 as follows:

         5.5.2    DEADLINE FOR PARTIES AFFECTED BY THE AMENDED CURE PAYMENT
         NOTICE. If a party listed on the Amended Cure Payment Notice who was
         not listed on the original Cure Payment Notice disputes the "cure"
         amount set forth in the Amended Cure Payment Notice (or if no "cure"
         amount is indicated as being owed in the Amended Cure Payment Notice
         for a particular Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease and an affected
         party believes there is a "cure" amount owing), or if such party
         otherwise objects to assumption pursuant to section 365(b)(1) of the
         Bankruptcy Code and pursuant to the Plan, then the affected party(ies)
         to the Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease should file a written
         objection and serve it on the Debtors' counsel, which objection shall
         be filed and served so as to be received no later than (10) days after
         service of the Amended Cure Payment Notice. A party's failure to file
         and serve such an objection within ten (10) days after service will be
         deemed a waiver of any objection to assumption or to the "cure" amounts
         set forth in the Amended Cure Payment Notice, and the Debtors will
         present an order to the Bankruptcy Court that will provide for approval
         of the assumption and the "cure" amounts, as set forth in the Amended
         Cure Payment Notice, which order will be binding on parties in interest
         receiving the Amended Cure Payment Notice.

         10.      Section 6.2.2 of the Plan is amended in its entirety as
         follows:

         6.2.2    DISCHARGE OF SENIOR NOTE INDENTURE AND CANCELLATION OF SENIOR
         NOTES. On the Effective Date, the Senior Note Indenture shall be
         terminated and canceled and rendered of no further force and effect;
         provided, however, that the cancellation of the Senior Note Indenture
         shall not impair (i) the rights of the beneficial holders of Senior
         Notes under the Plan nor (ii) the lien and priority rights of the Old
         Indenture Trustee under the Senior Note Indenture. The Senior Note
         Indenture shall continue in effect to the extent necessary (a) for the
         Old Indenture Trustee to receive and make Distributions of the New
         Notes and New LLC Units to the holders of Senior Notes pursuant to the
         terms of the Senior Note Indenture and (b) to maintain the validity of
         the charging lien granted to the Old Indenture Trustee under sections
         7.06, 7.09, and 7.10 of the Senior Note


                                       5

<PAGE>

         Indenture. Any actions taken by the Old Indenture Trustee that are not
         authorized by (or are otherwise inconsistent with) the Plan shall be
         null and void. On the Effective Date, the Senior Notes shall be
         canceled and shall be null and void, and the Senior Notes shall
         evidence no rights, except the right to receive Distributions under the
         Plan. All canceled Senior Notes held by the Old Indenture Trustee shall
         be disposed of in accordance with the customary procedures under the
         Senior Note Indenture, unless the Debtors request the Old Indenture
         Trustee to return the canceled Senior Notes to the Debtors.

         11.      Section 6.2.3 of the Plan is amended in its entirety as
         follows:

         6.2.3    EXECUTION OF NEW INDENTURE AND ISSUANCE OF NEW NOTES. On the
         Effective Date, EOTT Energy LLC will take all necessary action to (i)
         execute the New Indenture and (ii) issue, distribute, and transfer the
         New Notes to the New Indenture Trustee and the Debtors' designee, as
         applicable, for prompt subsequent distribution to the holders of Class
         5 Allowed General Unsecured Claims and Class 5.1H Allowed Indemnifiable
         General Unsecured Claims in accordance with the terms of the Plan.

         12.      Section 7.1 of the Plan is amended in its entirety as follows:

         7.1      IN GENERAL. The Debtors or its designee shall make all
         Distributions required under the Plan. In all instances in which the
         Debtors are required to make a Distribution on a particular date or by
         a specific deadline, the Debtors shall be in compliance with that
         requirement if they make the Distribution on or before the specified
         date or deadline or as soon thereafter as practicable.

         13.      Section 7.8.1 of the Plan is amended in its entirety as
         follows:

         7.8.1    DISTRIBUTIONS. Notwithstanding any other provision of the
         Plan, all Distributions of New Notes and New LLC Units to be made to
         any holder of a Class 5 Allowed General Unsecured Claim or Class 5.1H
         Allowed Indemnifiable General Unsecured Claim under the Plan shall be
         made (i) in the case of the holders of Senior Notes, to the Old
         Indenture Trustee on behalf of the holders of Senior Notes and (ii) in
         the case of all other holders of Class 5 or 5.1H Claims, the Debtors or
         their designee will make the Distributions directly to such
         Claimholders in accordance with the terms of the Plan. The Old
         Indenture Trustee shall distribute the Distributions it makes to the
         holders of Senior Notes pursuant to the terms of the Senior Note
         Indenture. Distributions made to the New Noteholder(s) under the Plan
         shall be deemed to be Distributions made for the benefit of the
         beneficial holders of the New Notes.

         14.      Section 7.8.2 of the Plan is amended in its entirety as
         follows:

         7.8.2    RECORD DATE FOR SENIOR NOTES. Consistent with the Senior Note
         Indenture, on the Distribution Record Date, the Note Register (as
         defined in the


                                       6
<PAGE>

         Senior Note Indenture) maintained by the Old Indenture Trustee shall be
         closed and there shall be no further changes in the Note Register
         maintained by the Old Indenture Trustee. The Debtors, the Old Indenture
         Trustee, and any holder of the Senior Notes shall have no obligation to
         recognize any transfer of the Senior Notes (or interests therein)
         occurring after the Distribution Record Date. The Debtors and the Old
         Indenture Trustee shall be entitled to recognize and deal for all
         purposes under the Plan with only the holder of the Senior Notes whose
         name(s) appear in the Note Register on the Distribution Record Date.

         15.      Section 7.9 of the Plan is amended in its entirety as follows:

         7.9      TREATMENT OF OLD INDENTURE TRUSTEE. Notwithstanding any other
         provision of the Plan, the Old Indenture Trustee is granted an
         Administrative Claim for the actual fees and expenses (including
         professional fees and expenses) reasonably incurred by the Old
         Indenture Trustee under the Senior Note Indenture through the Effective
         Date, subject to the Debtors ability to object to or otherwise
         challenge any such fees and expenses. The Old Indenture Trustee shall
         be entitled to payment from the Debtors of its customary fees and
         expenses allowable under the Senior Note Indenture reasonably incurred
         in making distributions of New Notes and New LLC Units to beneficial
         holders of Senior Notes, subject to the Debtors ability to object to or
         otherwise challenge any such fees and expenses. On the full performance
         by the Old Indenture Trustee of all actions or duties under the Plan
         and Senior Note Indenture (including making the required
         Distributions), the Old Indenture Trustee shall be relieved of any
         further obligations arising under the Senior Note Indenture. Nothing
         contained in this section 7.9 shall affect the Old Indenture Trustee's
         rights under the Senior Note Indenture, subject to section 6.2.2 of the
         Plan.

         16.      Section 9.2 of the Plan is amended in its entirety as follows:

         9.2      RELEASES. Except as otherwise provided for in the Plan, on the
         Effective Date, (i) each of the Debtors shall be deemed to have
         released any claims, demands, or causes of action that any of them may
         have against any of the Debtors' current or former officers, directors,
         or employees for any acts, omissions, or other conduct by any such
         person in such capacity occurring before the Effective Date; provided,
         however, that the Debtors shall not be deemed to have released any such
         person from liability for gross negligence, willful misconduct, or
         fraud, and (ii) the Interestholders shall be deemed to have released
         any claims, demands, or causes of action that any of them may have
         against any of the Debtors' current or former officers, directors, or
         employees for any acts, omissions, or other conduct by any such person
         in such capacity occurring before the Effective Date; provided,
         however, that the Interestholders shall not be deemed to have released
         any such person from liability for gross negligence, willful
         misconduct, or fraud.

         17.      Section 11.1 of the Plan is amended in its entirety as
         follows:


                                       7
<PAGE>

         11.1 EVENTS OF DEFAULT. An event of default shall have occurred if the
         Debtors or any other Person takes any action, fails to take any action,
         or fails to refrain from taking an action prevented, required, or
         otherwise set forth in the Plan.

         18.      Section 11.2 of the Plan is amended in its entirety as
         follows:

         11.2 REMEDIES FOR DEFAULTS. Subject to Bankruptcy Code Section 1112,
         should an event of default occur by the Debtors or any other Person, at
         least one other party-in-interest (including any Debtor) must provide
         written notice of the default to the defaulting party and serve copies
         of the notice to all parties identified in section 16.2 of the Plan. If
         the default is not cured within ten (10) days after service of the
         notice of default, the notifying party may present an ex parte order to
         the Bankruptcy Court setting a date and time when the defaulting party
         must appear before the Bankruptcy Court and show cause why it should
         not be held in contempt of the Confirmation Order. If the defaulting
         party is found to be in default of the Plan, the Bankruptcy Court
         shall:

                  (a) assess the costs of the Debtors or other party-in-interest
                  of proceeding on the order to show cause against the
                  defaulting party, such costs to be the greater of the actual
                  amounts incurred or $5,000; and

                  (b) designate a person to appear, sign, and/or accept on
                  behalf of the defaulting party the documents required under
                  the Plan in accordance with Federal Rule of Civil Procedure
                  70, or enter such other order compelling compliance with the
                  Plan that may be necessary and that does not materially alter
                  the terms of the Plan as confirmed.

B.       SUPPLEMENTS/AMENDMENTS TO THE GLOSSARY OF DEFINED TERMS ATTACHED AS
         EXHIBIT A TO THE PLAN

         19. The definition of the term Indenture Trustee contained in the
Glossary of Defined Terms attached as Exhibit A to the Plan (the "Glossary") is
deleted in its entirety.

         20. The Glossary is supplemented to include the following definition
for the term "Old Indenture Trustee":

         OLD INDENTURE TRUSTEE means The Bank of New York, a New York banking
         corporation, in its capacity as indenture trustee under the Senior Note
         Indenture.

         21. The Glossary is supplemented to include the following definition
for the term "New Indenture Trustee":

         NEW INDENTURE TRUSTEE means The Bank of New York, a New York banking
         corporation, in its capacity as the indenture trustee under the New
         Indenture.


                                       8
<PAGE>

         22. The definition of the term "New Indenture" in the Glossary is
amended in its entirety as follows:

         NEW INDENTURE means that certain indenture between the applicable
         Debtors or issuers and the New Indenture Trustee concerning the
         issuance of the New Notes, the terms of which are substantially
         described in the Term Sheet for the New Indenture attached as Exhibit C
         to the Plan. The form of the New Indenture will be filed with the
         Bankruptcy Court as a Plan Document.

         23. The definition of the term "Effective Date" in the Glossary is
amended in its entirety as follows:

         EFFECTIVE DATE means the earlier of (i) March 1, 2003, or (ii) the
         first Business Day after the Confirmation Date on which (a) the
         Confirmation Order is not stayed and (b) all conditions to the
         effectiveness of the Plan have been satisfied or waived as provided in
         the Plan.

         24. The definition of the term "Claims Objection Deadline" in the
Glossary is amended in its entirety as follows:

         CLAIMS OBJECTION DEADLINE means the first Business Day following 120
         days after the Effective Date or any other date established in any
         Final Order entered by the Bankruptcy Court modifying such deadline.

         25. The definition of the term "Secured Claim" in the Glossary is
amended in its entirety as follows:

         SECURED CLAIM means a Claim (i) that is secured by a valid letter of
         credit posted by the Debtors in favor of a particular Claimant, but
         only to the extent of the terms and conditions of such letter of
         credit, or (ii) for which a Claimant asserts a valid, perfected, and
         enforceable Lien, not subject to avoidance or subordination under the
         Bankruptcy Code or applicable non-bankruptcy law, or a Claim for which
         a Claimant asserts a setoff under Bankruptcy Code section 553, but only
         to the extent of the value, determined in accordance with Bankruptcy
         Code section 506(a), of the Claimant's interest in the Debtors'
         interest in Estate Property or to the extent of the amount subject to
         such setoff, as the case may be, unless a timely election has been made
         under Bankruptcy Code section 1111(b)(2).

         26. All provisions of the Plan and definitions in the Glossary not
expressly supplemented or amended herein remain unchanged.


                                       9
<PAGE>

         Date: February 11, 2003.

                                                  HAYNES AND BOONE, LLP



                                                  By: /s/ Robert D. Albergotti
                                                     ---------------------------
                                                     Robert D. Albergotti
                                                     TBA No. 00969800
                                                     Trey A. Monsour
                                                     TBA No. 14277200
                                                     901 Main Street, Suite 3100
                                                     Dallas, Texas  75202
                                                     Telephone:  214-651-5000
                                                     Facsimile:  214-651-5940

                                                     ATTORNEYS FOR THE DEBTORS



                             CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE

         I certify that a copy of the foregoing Supplement/Amendment to Third
Amended Joint Chapter 11 Plan of the Debtors and Glossary of Defined Terms was
served on all parties listed on the Official Service List Dated January 27, 2003
and on all parties requesting notice after January 27, 2003 via email (if known)
and otherwise via first class, United States Mail, postage prepaid, on February
11, 2003.


                                             /s/ Robert D. Albergotti
                                             -----------------------------------
                                             Robert D. Albergotti


                                       10

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
