<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.40
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>dex1040.txt
<DESCRIPTION>2000 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN, AS AMENDED
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.40

                              CV THERAPEUTICS, INC.

                           2000 Equity Incentive Plan

                             Adopted March 31, 2000
                      Approved By Stockholders May 16, 2000
        Amended and Restated by the Board of Directors February 25, 2002
          Amended and Restated by the Board of Directors April 15, 2002
                      Approved By Stockholders June 7, 2002
         Amended and Restated by the Board of Directors October 30, 2002

1. Purposes.

     (a)  Eligible Stock Award Recipients. The persons eligible to receive Stock
Awards are the Employees, Directors and Consultants of the Company and its
Affiliates.

     (b)  Available Stock Awards. The purpose of the Plan is to provide a means
by which eligible recipients of Stock Awards may be given an opportunity to
benefit from increases in value of the Common Stock through the granting of the
following Stock Awards: (i) Incentive Stock Options and (ii) Nonstatutory Stock
Options.

     (c)  General Purpose. The Company, by means of the Plan, seeks to retain
the services of the group of persons eligible to receive Stock Awards, to secure
and retain the services of new members of this group and to provide incentives
for such persons to exert maximum efforts for the success of the Company and its
Affiliates.

2. Definitions.

     (a)  "Affiliate" means any parent corporation or subsidiary corporation of
the Company, whether now or hereafter existing, as those terms are defined in
Sections 424(e) and (f), respectively, of the Code.

     (b)  "Board" means the Board of Directors of the Company.

     (c)  "Code" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

     (d)  "Committee" means a committee of one or more members of the Board
appointed by the Board in accordance with subsection 3(c).

     (e)  "Common Stock" means the common stock of the Company.

     (f)  "Company" means CV Therapeutics, Inc., a Delaware corporation.

     (g)  "Consultant" means any person, including an advisor, (i) engaged by
the Company or an Affiliate to render consulting or advisory services and who is
compensated for such services or (ii) who is a member of the Board of Directors
of an Affiliate. However, the term "Consultant" shall not include either
Directors who are not compensated by the Company for their services as Directors
or Directors who are merely paid a director's fee by the Company for their
services as Directors.

<PAGE>

     (h)  "Continuous Service" means that the Participant's service with the
Company or an Affiliate, whether as an Employee, Director or Consultant, is not
interrupted or terminated. The Participant's Continuous Service shall not be
deemed to have terminated merely because of a change in the capacity in which
the Participant renders service to the Company or an Affiliate as an Employee,
Consultant or Director or a change in the entity for which the Participant
renders such service, provided that there is no interruption or termination of
the Participant's service to the Company or an Affiliate. For example, a change
in status without interruption from an Employee of the Company to a Consultant
of an Affiliate or a Director will not constitute an interruption of Continuous
Service. The Board or the chief executive officer of the Company, in that
party's sole discretion, may determine whether Continuous Service shall be
considered interrupted in the case of any leave of absence approved by that
party, including sick leave, military leave or any other personal leave.

     (i)  "Covered Employee" means the chief executive officer and the four (4)
other highest compensated officers of the Company for whom total compensation is
required to be reported to stockholders under the Exchange Act, as determined
for purposes of Section 162(m) of the Code.

     (j)  "Director" means a member of the Board of Directors of the Company.

     (k)  "Disability" means the permanent and total disability of a person
within the meaning of Section 22(e)(3) of the Code.

     (l)  "Employee" means any person employed by the Company or an Affiliate.
Mere service as a Director or payment of a director's fee by the Company or an
Affiliate shall not be sufficient to constitute "employment" by the Company or
an Affiliate.

     (m)  "Exchange Act" means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

     (n)  "Fair Market Value" means, as of any date, the value of the Common
Stock determined as follows:

          (i)  If the Common Stock is listed on any established stock exchange
or traded on the Nasdaq National Market or the Nasdaq SmallCap Market, the Fair
Market Value of a share of Common Stock shall be the closing sales price for
such stock (or the closing bid, if no sales were reported) as quoted on such
exchange or market (or the exchange or market with the greatest volume of
trading in the Common Stock) on the last market trading day prior to the day of
determination, as reported in The Wall Street Journal or such other source as
the Board deems reliable.

          (ii) In the absence of such markets for the Common Stock, the Fair
Market Value shall be determined in good faith by the Board.

     (o)  "Incentive Stock Option" means an Option intended to qualify as an
incentive stock option within the meaning of Section 422 of the Code and the
regulations promulgated thereunder.

     (p)  "Non-Employee Director" means a Director who either (i) is not a
current Employee or Officer of the Company or its parent or a subsidiary, does
not receive compensation

                                       2

<PAGE>

(directly or indirectly) from the Company or its parent or a subsidiary for
services rendered as a consultant or in any capacity other than as a Director
(except for an amount as to which disclosure would not be required under Item
404(a) of Regulation S-K promulgated pursuant to the Securities Act ("Regulation
S-K")), does not possess an interest in any other transaction as to which
disclosure would be required under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K and is not
engaged in a business relationship as to which disclosure would be required
under Item 404(b) of Regulation S-K; or (ii) is otherwise considered a
"non-employee director" for purposes of Rule 16b-3.

     (q)  "Nonstatutory Stock Option" means an Option not intended to qualify as
an Incentive Stock Option.

     (r)  "Officer" means a person who is an officer of the Company within the
meaning of Section 16 of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations
promulgated thereunder.

     (s)  "Option" means an Incentive Stock Option or a Nonstatutory Stock
Option granted pursuant to the Plan.

     (t)  "Option Agreement" means a written agreement between the Company and
an Optionholder evidencing the terms and conditions of an individual Option
grant. Each Option Agreement shall be subject to the terms and conditions of the
Plan.

     (u)  "Optionholder" means a person to whom an Option is granted pursuant to
the Plan or, if applicable, such other person who holds an outstanding Option.

     (v)  "Outside Director" means a Director who either (i) is not a current
employee of the Company or an "affiliated corporation" (within the meaning of
Treasury Regulations promulgated under Section 162(m) of the Code), is not a
former employee of the Company or an "affiliated corporation" receiving
compensation for prior services (other than benefits under a tax qualified
pension plan), was not an officer of the Company or an "affiliated corporation"
at any time and is not currently receiving direct or indirect remuneration from
the Company or an "affiliated corporation" for services in any capacity other
than as a Director or (ii) is otherwise considered an "outside director" for
purposes of Section 162(m) of the Code.

     (w)  "Participant" means a person to whom a Stock Award is granted pursuant
to the Plan or, if applicable, such other person who holds an outstanding Stock
Award.

     (x)  "Plan" means this CV Therapeutics, Inc. 2000 Equity Incentive Plan.

     (y)  "Rule 16b-3" means Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act or
any successor to Rule 16b-3, as in effect from time to time.

     (z)  "Securities Act" means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

     (aa) "Stock Award" means any Option granted under the Plan.

     (bb) "Stock Award Agreement" means a written agreement between the Company
and a holder of a Stock Award evidencing the terms and conditions of an
individual Stock Award grant. Each Stock Award Agreement shall be subject to the
terms and conditions of the Plan.

                                       3

<PAGE>

     (cc) "Ten Percent Stockholder" means a person who owns (or is deemed to own
pursuant to Section 424(d) of the Code) stock possessing more than ten percent
(10%) of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Company
or of any of its Affiliates.

3. Administration.

     (a)  Administration by Board. The Board shall administer the Plan unless
and until the Board delegates administration to a Committee, as provided in
subsection 3(c).

     (b)  Powers of Board. The Board shall have the power, subject to, and
within the limitations of, the express provisions of the Plan:

          (i)    To determine from time to time which of the persons eligible
under the Plan shall be granted Stock Awards; when and how each Stock Award
shall be granted; what type or combination of types of Stock Award shall be
granted; the provisions of each Stock Award granted (which need not be
identical), including the time or times when a person shall be permitted to
receive Common Stock pursuant to a Stock Award; and the number of shares of
Common Stock with respect to which a Stock Award shall be granted to each such
person.

          (ii)   To construe and interpret the Plan and Stock Awards granted
under it, and to establish, amend and revoke rules and regulations for its
administration. The Board, in the exercise of this power, may correct any
defect, omission or inconsistency in the Plan or in any Stock Award Agreement,
in a manner and to the extent it shall deem necessary or expedient to make the
Plan fully effective.

          (iii)  To amend the Plan or a Stock Award as provided in Section 11.

          (iv)   To terminate or suspend the Plan as provided in Section 12.

          (v)    Generally, to exercise such powers and to perform such acts as
the Board deems necessary or expedient to promote the best interests of the
Company which are not in conflict with the provisions of the Plan.

     (c)  Delegation to Committee.

          (i)    General. The Board may delegate administration of the Plan to a
Committee or Committees of one (1) or more members of the Board, and the term
"Committee" shall apply to any person or persons to whom such authority has been
delegated. If administration is delegated to a Committee, the Committee shall
have, in connection with the administration of the Plan, the powers theretofore
possessed by the Board, including the power to delegate to a subcommittee any of
the administrative powers the Committee is authorized to exercise (and
references in this Plan to the Board shall thereafter be to the Committee or
subcommittee), subject, however, to such resolutions, not inconsistent with the
provisions of the Plan, as may be adopted from time to time by the Board. The
Board may abolish the Committee at any time and revest in the Board the
administration of the Plan.

          (ii)   Committee Composition. In the discretion of the Board, a
Committee may consist solely of two or more Outside Directors, in accordance
with Section 162(m) of the Code, and/or solely of two or more Non-Employee
Directors, in accordance with Rule 16b-3.

                                       4

<PAGE>

Within the scope of such authority, the Board or the Committee may (1) delegate
to a committee of one or more members of the Board who are not Outside Directors
the authority to grant Stock Awards to eligible persons who are either (a) not
then Covered Employees and are not expected to be Covered Employees at the time
of recognition of income resulting from such Stock Award or (b) not persons with
respect to whom the Company wishes to comply with Section 162(m) of the Code
and/or) (2) delegate to a committee of one or more members of the Board who are
not Non-Employee Directors the authority to grant Stock Awards to eligible
persons who are not then subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act.

     (d)  Effect of Board's Decision. All determinations, interpretations and
constructions made by the Board in good faith shall not be subject to review by
any person and shall be final, binding and conclusive on all persons.

4. Shares Subject to the Plan.

     (a)  Share Reserve. Subject to the provisions of Section 10 relating to
adjustments upon changes in Common Stock, the Common Stock that may be issued
pursuant to Stock Awards shall not exceed in the aggregate two million four
hundred fifty thousand (2,450,000) shares of Common Stock.

     (b)  Reversion of Shares to the Share Reserve. If any Stock Award shall for
any reason expire or otherwise terminate, in whole or in part, without having
been exercised in full, the shares of Common Stock not acquired under such Stock
Award shall revert to and again become available for issuance under the Plan.

     (c)  Source of Shares. The shares of Common Stock subject to the Plan may
be unissued shares or reacquired shares, bought on the market or otherwise.

5. Eligibility.

     (a)  Eligibility for Specific Stock Awards. Incentive Stock Options may be
granted only to Employees. Nonstatutory Stock Options may be granted to
Employees, Directors and Consultants.

     (b)  Ten Percent Stockholders. A Ten Percent Stockholder shall not be
granted an Incentive Stock Option unless the exercise price of such Option is at
least one hundred ten percent (110%) of the Fair Market Value of the Common
Stock at the date of grant and the Option is not exercisable after the
expiration of five (5) years from the date of grant.

     (c)  Section 162(m) Limitation. Subject to the provisions of Section 10
relating to adjustments upon changes in the shares of Common Stock, no Employee
shall be eligible to be granted Options covering more than three hundred
thousand (300,000) shares of Common Stock during any calendar year.

     (d)  Consultants. A Consultant shall not be eligible for the grant of a
Stock Award if, at the time of grant, a Form S-8 Registration Statement under
the Securities Act ("Form S-8") is not available to register either the offer or
the sale of the Company's securities to such Consultant because of the nature of
the services that the Consultant is providing to the Company, or because the
Consultant is not a natural person, or as otherwise provided by the rules
governing

                                       5

<PAGE>

the use of Form S-8, unless the Company determines both (i) that such grant (A)
shall be registered in another manner under the Securities Act (e.g., on a Form
S-3 Registration Statement) or (B) does not require registration under the
Securities Act in order to comply with the requirements of the Securities Act,
if applicable, and (ii) that such grant complies with the securities laws of all
other relevant jurisdictions.

6. Option Provisions.

     (a)  Each Option shall be in such form and shall contain such terms and
conditions as the Board shall deem appropriate. All Options shall be separately
designated Incentive Stock Options or Nonstatutory Stock Options at the time of
grant, and, if certificates are issued, a separate certificate or certificates
will be issued for shares of Common Stock purchased on exercise of each type of
Option. The provisions of separate Options need not be identical, but each
Option shall include (through incorporation of provisions hereof by reference in
the Option or otherwise) the substance of each of the following provisions:

     (b)  Term. Subject to the provisions of subsection 5(b) regarding Ten
Percent Stockholders, no Incentive Stock Option shall be exercisable after the
expiration of ten (10) years from the date it was granted.

     (c)  Exercise Price of an Incentive Stock Option. Subject to the provisions
of subsection 5(b) regarding Ten Percent Stockholders, the exercise price of
each Incentive Stock Option shall be not less than one hundred percent (100%) of
the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock subject to the Option on the date the
Option is granted. Notwithstanding the foregoing, an Incentive Stock Option may
be granted with an exercise price lower than that set forth in the preceding
sentence if such Option is granted pursuant to an assumption or substitution for
another option in a manner satisfying the provisions of Section 424(a) of the
Code.

     (d)  Exercise Price of a Nonstatutory Stock Option. The exercise price of
each Nonstatutory Stock Option shall be not less than one hundred percent (100%)
of the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock subject to the Option on the date
the Option is granted. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Nonstatutory Stock
Option may be granted with an exercise price lower than that set forth in the
preceding sentence if such Option is granted pursuant to an assumption or
substitution for another option in a manner satisfying the provisions of Section
424(a) of the Code.

     (e)  Consideration. The purchase price of Common Stock acquired pursuant to
an Option shall be paid, to the extent permitted by applicable statutes and
regulations, either (i) in cash at the time the Option is exercised or (ii) at
the discretion of the Board at the time of the grant of the Option (or
subsequently in the case of a Nonstatutory Stock Option) (1) by delivery to the
Company of other Common Stock, (2) according to a deferred payment or other
similar arrangement with the Optionholder or (3) in any other form of legal
consideration that may be acceptable to the Board. Unless otherwise specifically
provided in the Option, the purchase price of Common Stock acquired pursuant to
an Option that is paid by delivery to the Company of other Common Stock
acquired, directly or indirectly from the Company, shall be paid only by shares
of the Common Stock of the Company that have been held for more than six (6)
months (or such longer or shorter period of time required to avoid a charge to
earnings for financial

                                       6

<PAGE>

accounting purposes). At any time that the Company is incorporated in Delaware,
payment of the Common Stock's "par value," as defined in the Delaware General
Corporation Law, shall not be made by deferred payment.

     (f)  In the case of any deferred payment arrangement, interest shall be
compounded at least annually and shall be charged at the minimum rate of
interest necessary to avoid the treatment as interest, under any applicable
provisions of the Code, of any amounts other than amounts stated to be interest
under the deferred payment arrangement.

     (g)  Transferability of an Incentive Stock Option. An Incentive Stock
Option shall not be transferable except by will or by the laws of descent and
distribution and shall be exercisable during the lifetime of the Optionholder
only by the Optionholder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Optionholder may,
by delivering written notice to the Company, in a form satisfactory to the
Company, designate a third party who, in the event of the death of the
Optionholder, shall thereafter be entitled to exercise the Option.

     (h)  Transferability of a Nonstatutory Stock Option. A Nonstatutory Stock
Option shall be transferable to the extent provided in the Option Agreement. If
the Nonstatutory Stock Option does not provide for transferability, then the
Nonstatutory Stock Option shall not be transferable except by will or by the
laws of descent and distribution and shall be exercisable during the lifetime of
the Optionholder only by the Optionholder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the
Optionholder may, by delivering written notice to the Company, in a form
satisfactory to the Company, designate a third party who, in the event of the
death of the Optionholder, shall thereafter be entitled to exercise the Option.

     (i)  Vesting Generally. The total number of shares of Common Stock subject
to an Option may, but need not, vest and therefore become exercisable in
periodic installments that may, but need not, be equal. The Option may be
subject to such other terms and conditions on the time or times when it may be
exercised (which may be based on performance or other criteria) as the Board may
deem appropriate. The vesting provisions of individual Options may vary. The
provisions of this subsection 6(i) are subject to any Option provisions
governing the minimum number of shares of Common Stock as to which an Option may
be exercised.

     (j)  Termination of Continuous Service. In the event an Optionholder's
Continuous Service terminates (other than upon the Optionholder's death or
Disability), the Optionholder may exercise his or her Option (to the extent that
the Optionholder was entitled to exercise such Option as of the date of
termination) but only within such period of time ending on the earlier of (i)
the date three (3) months following the termination of the Optionholder's
Continuous Service (or such longer or shorter period specified in the Option
Agreement), or (ii) the expiration of the term of the Option as set forth in the
Option Agreement. If, after termination, the Optionholder does not exercise his
or her Option within the time specified in the Option Agreement, the Option
shall terminate.

     (k)  Extension of Termination Date. An Optionholder's Option Agreement may
also provide that if the exercise of the Option following the termination of the
Optionholder's Continuous Service (other than upon the Optionholder's death or
Disability) would be prohibited at any time solely because the issuance of
shares of Common Stock would violate the registration requirements under the
Securities Act, then the Option shall terminate on the earlier

                                       7

<PAGE>

of (i) the expiration of the term of the Option set forth in subsection 6(b) or
(ii) the expiration of a period of three (3) months after the termination of the
Optionholder's Continuous Service during which the exercise of the Option would
not be in violation of such registration requirements.

     (l)  Disability of Optionholder. In the event that an Optionholder's
Continuous Service terminates as a result of the Optionholder's Disability, the
Optionholder may exercise his or her Option (to the extent that the Optionholder
was entitled to exercise such Option as of the date of termination), but only
within such period of time ending on the earlier of (i) the date twelve (12)
months following such termination (or such longer or shorter period specified in
the Option Agreement) or (ii) the expiration of the term of the Option as set
forth in the Option Agreement. If, after termination, the Optionholder does not
exercise his or her Option within the time specified herein, the Option shall
terminate.

     (m)  Death of Optionholder. In the event (i) an Optionholder's Continuous
Service terminates as a result of the Optionholder's death or (ii) the
Optionholder dies within the period (if any) specified in the Option Agreement
after the termination of the Optionholder's Continuous Service for a reason
other than death, then the Option may be exercised (to the extent the
Optionholder was entitled to exercise such Option as of the date of death) by
the Optionholder's estate, by a person who acquired the right to exercise the
Option by bequest or inheritance or by a person designated to exercise the
Option upon the Optionholder's death pursuant to subsection 6(g) or 6(h), but
only within the period ending on the earlier of (1) the date eighteen (18)
months following the date of death (or such longer or shorter period specified
in the Option Agreement) or (2) the expiration of the term of such Option as set
forth in the Option Agreement. If, after death, the Option is not exercised
within the time specified herein, the Option shall terminate.

     (n)  Early Exercise. The Option may, but need not, include a provision
whereby the Optionholder may elect at any time before the Optionholder's
Continuous Service terminates to exercise the Option as to any part or all of
the shares of Common Stock subject to the Option prior to the full vesting of
the Option. Any unvested shares of Common Stock so purchased may be subject to a
repurchase option in favor of the Company or to any other restriction the Board
determines to be appropriate. The Company will not exercise its repurchase
option until at least six (6) months (or such longer or shorter period of time
required to avoid a charge to earnings for financial accounting purposes) have
elapsed following exercise of the Option unless the Board otherwise specifically
provides in the Option.

7. Covenants of the Company.

     (a)  Availability of Shares. During the terms of the Stock Awards, the
Company shall keep available at all times the number of shares of Common Stock
required to satisfy such Stock Awards.

     (b)  Securities Law Compliance. The Company shall seek to obtain from each
regulatory commission or agency having jurisdiction over the Plan such authority
as may be required to grant Stock Awards and to issue and sell shares of Common
Stock upon exercise of the Stock Awards; provided, however, that this
undertaking shall not require the Company to register under the Securities Act
the Plan, any Stock Award or any Common Stock issued or

                                       8

<PAGE>

issuable pursuant to any such Stock Award. If, after reasonable efforts, the
Company is unable to obtain from any such regulatory commission or agency the
authority which counsel for the Company deems necessary for the lawful issuance
and sale of Common Stock under the Plan, the Company shall be relieved from any
liability for failure to issue and sell Common Stock upon exercise of such Stock
Awards unless and until such authority is obtained.

8. Use of Proceeds from Stock.

     Proceeds from the sale of Common Stock pursuant to Stock Awards shall
constitute general funds of the Company.

9. Miscellaneous.

     (a)  Acceleration of Exercisability and Vesting. The Board shall have the
power to accelerate the time at which a Stock Award may first vest and/or be
exercised in accordance with the Plan, notwithstanding the provisions in the
Stock Award stating the time at which it may first be exercised or the time
during which it will vest.

     (b)  Stockholder Rights. No Participant shall be deemed to be the holder
of, or to have any of the rights of a holder with respect to, any shares of
Common Stock subject to such Stock Award unless and until such Participant has
satisfied all requirements for exercise of the Stock Award pursuant to its
terms.

     (c)  No Employment or Other Service Rights. Nothing in the Plan or any
instrument executed or Stock Award granted pursuant thereto shall confer upon
any Participant any right to continue to serve the Company or an Affiliate in
the capacity in effect at the time the Stock Award was granted or shall affect
the right of the Company or an Affiliate to terminate (i) the employment of an
Employee with or without notice and with or without cause, (ii) the service of a
Consultant pursuant to the terms of such Consultant's agreement with the Company
or an Affiliate or (iii) the service of a Director pursuant to the Bylaws of the
Company or an Affiliate, and any applicable provisions of the corporate law of
the state in which the Company or the Affiliate is incorporated, as the case may
be.

     (d)  Incentive Stock Option $100,000 Limitation. To the extent that the
aggregate Fair Market Value (determined at the time of grant) of Common Stock
with respect to which Incentive Stock Options are exercisable for the first time
by any Optionholder during any calendar year (under all plans of the Company and
its Affiliates) exceeds one hundred thousand dollars ($100,000), the Options or
portions thereof which exceed such limit (according to the order in which they
were granted) shall be treated as Nonstatutory Stock Options.

     (e)  Investment Assurances. The Company may require a Participant, as a
condition of exercising or acquiring Common Stock under any Stock Award, (i) to
give written assurances satisfactory to the Company as to the Participant's
knowledge and experience in financial and business matters and/or to employ a
purchaser representative reasonably satisfactory to the Company who is
knowledgeable and experienced in financial and business matters and that he or
she is capable of evaluating, alone or together with the purchaser
representative, the merits and risks of exercising the Stock Award; and (ii) to
give written assurances satisfactory to the Company stating that the Participant
is acquiring Common Stock subject to the Stock Award for

                                       9

<PAGE>

the Participant's own account and not with any present intention of selling or
otherwise distributing the Common Stock. The foregoing requirements, and any
assurances given pursuant to such requirements, shall be inoperative if (1) the
issuance of the shares of Common Stock upon the exercise or acquisition of
Common Stock under the Stock Award has been registered under a then currently
effective registration statement under the Securities Act or (2) as to any
particular requirement, a determination is made by counsel for the Company that
such requirement need not be met in the circumstances under the then applicable
securities laws. The Company may, upon advice of counsel to the Company, place
legends on stock certificates issued under the Plan as such counsel deems
necessary or appropriate in order to comply with applicable securities laws,
including, but not limited to, legends restricting the transfer of the Common
Stock.

     (f)  Withholding Obligations. To the extent provided by the terms of a
Stock Award Agreement, the Participant may satisfy any federal, state or local
tax withholding obligation relating to the exercise or acquisition of Common
Stock under a Stock Award by any of the following means (in addition to the
Company's right to withhold from any compensation paid to the Participant by the
Company) or by a combination of such means: (i) tendering a cash payment; (ii)
authorizing the Company to withhold shares of Common Stock from the shares of
Common Stock otherwise issuable to the Participant as a result of the exercise
or acquisition of Common Stock under the Stock Award, provided, however, that no
shares of Common Stock are withheld with a value exceeding the minimum amount of
tax required to be withheld by law; or (iii) delivering to the Company owned and
unencumbered shares of Common Stock.

10. Adjustments Upon Changes in Stock.

     (a)  Capitalization Adjustments. If any change is made in the Common Stock
subject to the Plan, or subject to any Stock Award, without the receipt of
consideration by the Company (through merger, consolidation, reorganization,
recapitalization, reincorporation, stock dividend, dividend in property other
than cash, stock split, liquidating dividend, combination of shares, exchange of
shares, change in corporate structure or other transaction not involving the
receipt of consideration by the Company), the Plan will be appropriately
adjusted in the class(es) and maximum number of securities subject to the Plan
pursuant to subsection 4(a) and the maximum number of securities subject to
award to any person pursuant to subsection 5(c), and the outstanding Stock
Awards will be appropriately adjusted in the class(es) and number of securities
and price per share of Common Stock subject to such outstanding Stock Awards.
The Board shall make such adjustments, and its determination shall be final,
binding and conclusive. The conversion of any convertible securities of the
Company shall not be treated as a transaction "without receipt of consideration"
by the Company.

     (b)  Dissolution or Liquidation. In the event of a dissolution or
liquidation of the Company, then all outstanding Stock Awards shall terminate
immediately prior to such event.

     (c)  Change of Control. In the event of a Change of Control, each
outstanding Stock Award under the Plan shall, automatically and without further
action by the Company, become fully vested and exercisable with respect to all
of the shares of Common Stock subject thereto no later than five (5) business
days before the closing of such Change of Control. In addition, to the extent
permitted by law, any surviving corporation or acquiring corporation in a Change
of Control may assume any such Stock Awards outstanding under the Plan or
substitute similar

                                       10

<PAGE>

stock awards (including awards to acquire the same consideration paid to the
stockholders in the Change of Control) for those outstanding under the Plan. In
the event any surviving corporation or acquiring corporation does not assume
such Stock Awards or substitute similar stock awards for those outstanding under
the Plan then the Stock Awards shall terminate if not exercised at or prior to
the closing of the Change of Control.

     (d)  Definition. For purposes of this Plan, "Change of Control" means: (i)
a sale of substantially all of the assets of the Company; (ii) a merger or
consolidation in which the Company is not the surviving corporation (other than
a merger or consolidation in which shareholders immediately before the merger or
consolidation have, immediately after the merger or consolidation, equal or
greater stock voting power); (iii) a reverse merger in which the Company is the
surviving corporation but the shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately
preceding the merger are converted by virtue of the merger into other property,
whether in the form of securities, cash or otherwise (other than a reverse
merger in which stockholders immediately before the merger have, immediately
after the merger, greater stock voting power); or (iv) any transaction or series
of related transactions in which in excess of 50% of the Company's voting power
is transferred.

11. Amendment of the Plan and Stock Awards.

     (a)  Amendment of Plan. The Board at any time, and from time to time, may
amend the Plan. However, except as provided in Section 10 relating to
adjustments upon changes in Common Stock, no amendment shall be effective unless
approved by the stockholders of the Company to the extent stockholder approval
is necessary to satisfy the requirements of Section 422 of the Code, Rule 16b-3
or any Nasdaq or securities exchange listing requirements.

     (b)  Stockholder Approval. The Board may, in its sole discretion, submit
any other amendment to the Plan for stockholder approval, including, but not
limited to, amendments to the Plan intended to satisfy the requirements of
Section 162(m) of the Code and the regulations thereunder regarding the
exclusion of performance-based compensation from the limit on corporate
deductibility of compensation paid to certain executive officers.

     (c)  Contemplated Amendments. It is expressly contemplated that the Board
may amend the Plan in any respect the Board deems necessary or advisable to
provide eligible Employees with the maximum benefits provided or to be provided
under the provisions of the Code and the regulations promulgated thereunder
relating to Incentive Stock Options and/or to bring the Plan and/or Incentive
Stock Options granted under it into compliance therewith.

     (d)  No Impairment of Rights. Rights under any Stock Award granted before
amendment of the Plan shall not be impaired by any amendment of the Plan unless
(i) the Company requests the consent of the Participant and (ii) the Participant
consents in writing.

     (e)  Amendment of Stock Awards. The Board at any time, and from time to
time, may amend the terms of any one or more Stock Awards; provided, however,
that the rights under any Stock Award shall not be impaired by any such
amendment unless (i) the Company requests the consent of the Participant and
(ii) the Participant consents in writing. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the
Board shall not, without the approval of the stockholders of the Company,
authorize the amendment of any outstanding Option to reduce its exercise price.
Furthermore, no

                                       11

<PAGE>

Option shall be canceled and replaced with grants having a lower exercise price
without the further approval of stockholders of the Company.

12. Termination or Suspension of the Plan.

     (a)  Plan Term. The Board may suspend or terminate the Plan at any time.
Unless sooner terminated, the Plan shall terminate on the day before the tenth
(10th) anniversary of the date the Plan is initially adopted by the Board or
approved by the stockholders of the Company, whichever is earlier. No Stock
Awards may be granted under the Plan while the Plan is suspended or after it is
terminated.

     (b)  No Impairment of Rights. Suspension or termination of the Plan shall
not impair rights and obligations under any Stock Award granted while the Plan
is in effect except with the written consent of the Participant.

13. Effective Date of Plan.

     The Plan shall become effective upon its adoption by the Board, but no
Stock Award shall be exercised unless and until the Plan has been approved by
the stockholders of the Company, which approval shall be within twelve (12)
months before or after the date the Plan is adopted by the Board.

14. Choice of Law.

     The law of the State of Delaware shall govern all questions concerning the
construction, validity and interpretation of this Plan, without regard to such
state's conflict of laws rules.

                                       12

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
