<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.55
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>dex1055.txt
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDED AND RESTATED EXECUTIVE SEVERANCE, LOUIS G. LANGE
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.55

                              AMENDED AND RESTATED
                     EXECUTIVE SEVERANCE BENEFITS AGREEMENT

     This Amended and Restated Executive Severance Benefits Agreement (the
"Agreement") is entered into this 31/st/ day of December, 2002 (the "Effective
Date"), between Louis G. Lange ("Executive") and CV Therapeutics, Inc. (the
"Company"). This Agreement is intended to provide Executive with the
compensation and benefits described herein upon the occurrence of specific
events. Certain capitalized terms used in this Agreement are defined in Article
6.

     The Company and Executive hereby agree as follows:

                                    ARTICLE 1

                  Scope of and Consideration for this Agreement

     1.1 Current Employee. Executive is currently employed by the Company.

     1.2 Benefits Upon Change In Control. The Company and Executive wish to set
forth the compensation and benefits which Executive shall be entitled to receive
in the event of a Change in Control or if Executive's employment with the
Company is terminated under the circumstances described herein following a
Change in Control.

     1.3 Consideration. The duties and obligations of the Company to Executive
under this Agreement shall be in consideration for Executive's past services to
the Company, Executive's continued employment with the Company, and Executive's
execution of a release in accordance with Section 4.1.

     1.4 Prior Agreement. This Agreement shall supersede any other agreement
relating to cash severance benefits and health benefits in the event of
Executive's severance from employment with the Company following a Change in
Control, including that certain Executive Severance Benefits Agreement between
the Company and Executive dated as of February 2, 1999 (the "Prior Agreement").
By executing this Agreement, Executive hereby waives (within the meaning of
Section 6.4 of the Prior Agreement) any rights Executive may currently have or
have in the future to any benefits of any sort under the Prior Agreement.

                                    ARTICLE 2

                   Option Acceleration Upon Change in Control

     In the event of a Change in Control, all options of Executive to purchase
the Company's common stock (or the stock of a successor to the Company by reason
of assumption or substitution of options) then outstanding shall, automatically
and without further action of the Company, become one hundred percent (100%)
vested and exercisable, and any restrictions with respect to restricted shares
of the Company's capital stock (or the stock of a successor to the Company by
reason of assumption or substitution of such shares) that Executive then holds
shall,

                                        1

<PAGE>

automatically and without further action of the Company, lapse, in the case of
all such options and/or restrictions no later than five (5) business days before
the effective date of such Change in Control.

                                    ARTICLE 3

                               Severance Benefits

     3.1 Severance Benefits. If Executive's employment terminates due to an
Involuntary Termination Without Cause or a Constructive Termination, in any such
case occurring within thirteen (13) months following the effective date of a
Change in Control, such termination of employment will be deemed a Covered
Termination. A Covered Termination entitles Executive to receive the following
benefits set forth in Sections 3.2, 3.3 and 3.4.

     3.2 Base Salary. The Company shall pay to Executive an amount equal to two
(2) years' Base Salary. Such severance amount shall be paid in cash in a lump
sum within thirty (30) days following the Covered Termination and shall be
subject to all required tax withholding.

     3.3 Bonus. The Company shall pay to Executive an amount equal to two
hundred percent (200%) of the annual bonus paid to the Executive in the year
immediately preceding the effective date of the Change in Control. Such
severance amount shall be paid in cash in a lump sum within thirty (30) days
following the Covered Termination and shall be subject to all required tax
withholding.

     3.4 Health Benefits. Provided that Executive elects continued coverage
under federal COBRA law, the Company shall pay the premiums of Executive's group
health insurance coverage, including coverage for Executive's eligible
dependents, for a maximum period of eighteen (18) months following a Covered
Termination; provided, however, that the Company shall pay premiums for
Executive's eligible dependents only for coverage for which those eligible
dependents were enrolled immediately prior to the Covered Termination. No
premium payments will be made following the effective date of Executive's
coverage by a health insurance plan of a subsequent employer. For the balance of
the period that Executive is entitled to coverage under federal COBRA law, if
any, Executive shall be entitled to maintain such coverage at Executive's own
expense.

     3.5 Mitigation. Except as otherwise specifically provided herein, Executive
shall not be required to mitigate damages or the amount of any payment provided
under this Agreement by seeking other employment or otherwise, nor shall the
amount of any payment provided for under this Agreement be reduced by any
compensation earned by Executive as a result of employment by another employer
or by any retirement benefits received by Executive after the date of the
Covered Termination.

                                    ARTICLE 4

                     Limitations and Conditions On Benefits

                                        2

<PAGE>

     4.1 Release Prior To Payment Of Benefits. Upon the occurrence of a Covered
Termination, and prior to the payment of any benefits under this Agreement on
account of such Covered Termination, Executive shall execute a release (the
"Release") in the form attached hereto and incorporated herein as Exhibit A or
Exhibit B, as applicable. Such Release shall specifically relate to all of
Executive's rights and claims in existence at the time of such execution and
shall confirm Executive's obligations under the Company's standard form of
proprietary information and inventions agreement. It is understood that, as
specified in the applicable Release, Executive has a certain number of calendar
days to consider whether to execute such Release, and Executive may revoke such
Release within seven (7) calendar days after execution. In the event Executive
does not execute such Release within the applicable period, or if Executive
revokes such Release within the subsequent seven (7) day period, no benefits
shall be payable under this Agreement, and this Agreement shall be null and
void.

     4.2 Termination of Benefits. Benefits under this Agreement shall terminate
immediately if the Executive, at any time, violates any proprietary information
or confidentiality obligation to the Company.

     4.3 Non-Duplication of Benefits. Executive is not eligible to receive
benefits under this Agreement more than one time.

                                    ARTICLE 5

                               Parachute Payments

     5.1 Certain Additional Payments by the Company. Anything in this Agreement
to the contrary notwithstanding and except as set forth below, in the event it
shall be determined that any Payment would be subject to the Excise Tax, then
the Executive shall be entitled to receive from the Company an additional
payment (the "Gross-Up Payment") in an amount such that the net amount of the
Payment and the Gross-Up Payment retained by the Executive after the payment by
the Executive of all Excise Taxes (including any interest or penalties imposed
with respect to such taxes) on the Payment and all federal, state and local
income tax, employment tax and Excise Taxes (including any interest or penalties
imposed with respect to such taxes) on the Gross-Up Payment shall be equal to
the Payment.

     5.2 Determinations. Subject to the provisions of Section 5.3, all
determinations required to be made under this Article 5, including whether and
when a Gross-Up Payment is required and the amount of such Gross-Up Payment and
the assumptions to be utilized in arriving at such determination, shall be made
by the nationally recognized certified public accounting firm used by the
Company immediately prior to the effective date of the Change in Control or, if
such firm declines to serve, such other nationally recognized certified public
accounting firm as may be designated by the Executive (the "Accounting Firm").
The Accounting Firm shall provide detailed supporting calculations both to the
Company and the Executive within fifteen (15) business days of the receipt of
notice from the Executive that there has been a Payment, or such earlier time as
is requested by the Company. All fees and expenses of the Accounting Firm shall
be borne solely by the Company. Any determination by the Accounting Firm shall
be binding upon the Company and the Executive. Subject to Section 5.5

                                        3

<PAGE>

below, any Gross-Up Payment, as determined pursuant to this Section 5.2, shall
be paid by the Company to the Executive within five (5) days of the receipt of
the Accounting Firm's determination. For purposes of making the calculations
required by this Article 5, the Accounting Firm may make reasonable assumptions
and approximations concerning applicable taxes and may rely on reasonable,
good-faith interpretations concerning the application of Sections 280G and 4999
of the Code. As a result of the uncertainty in the application of Section 4999
of the Code at the time of the initial determination by the Accounting Firm
hereunder, it is possible that Gross-Up Payments which will not have been made
by the Company should have been made ("Underpayment"), consistent with the
calculations required to be made hereunder. In the event that the Company
exhausts its remedies pursuant to Section 5.3 and the Executive thereafter is
required to make a payment of any Excise Tax, the Accounting Firm shall
determine the amount of the Underpayment that has occurred and any such
Underpayment shall be promptly paid by the Company to or for the benefit of the
Executive.

     5.3 Contesting of Gross-Up Payment. The Executive shall notify the Company
in writing of any claim by the Internal Revenue Service that, if successful,
would require the payment by the Company of the Gross-Up Payment. Such
notification shall be given as soon as practicable but no later than ten (10)
business days after the Executive is informed in writing of such claim, and
shall apprise the Company of the nature of such claim and the date on which such
claim is requested to be paid. The Executive shall not pay such claim prior to
the expiration of the thirty (30)-day period following the date on which it
gives such notice to the Company (or such shorter period ending on the date that
any payment of taxes with respect to such claim is due). If the Company notifies
the Executive in writing prior to the expiration of such period that it desires
to contest such claim, the Executive shall:

         (a) give the Company any information reasonably requested by the
Company relating to such claim,

         (b) take such action in connection with contesting such claim as the
Company shall reasonably request in writing from time to time, including,
without limitation, accepting legal representation with respect to such claim by
an attorney reasonably selected by the Company,

         (c) cooperate with the Company in good faith in order effectively to
contest such claim, and

         (d) permit the Company to participate in any proceedings relating to
such claim;

provided, however, that the Company shall bear and pay directly all costs and
expenses (including additional interest and penalties) incurred in connection
with such contest and shall indemnify and hold the Executive harmless, on an
after-tax basis, for any Excise Tax or income tax (including interest and
penalties with respect thereto) imposed as a result of such representation and
payment of costs and expenses. Without limitation on the foregoing provisions of
this Section 5.3, the Company shall control all proceedings taken in connection
with such contest and, at its sole option, may pursue or forgo any and all
administrative appeals, proceedings, hearings and conferences with the taxing
authority in respect of such claim and

                                        4

<PAGE>

may, at its sole option, either direct the Executive to pay the tax claimed and
sue for a refund or contest the claim in any permissible manner, and the
Executive agrees to prosecute such contest to a determination before any
administrative tribunal, in a court of initial jurisdiction and in one or more
appellate courts, as the Company shall determine; provided, however, that if the
Company directs the Executive to pay such claim and sue for a refund, the
Company shall advance the amount of such payment to the Executive, on an
interest-free basis, and shall indemnify and hold the Executive harmless, on an
after-tax basis, from any Excise Tax or income tax (including interest or
penalties with respect thereto) imposed with respect to such advance or with
respect to any imputed income with respect to such advance; and provided
further, however, that any extension of the statute of limitations relating to
payment of taxes for the taxable year of the Executive with respect to which
such contested amount is claimed to be due is limited solely to such contested
amount. Furthermore, the Company's control of the contest shall be limited to
issues with respect to which a Gross-Up Payment would be payable hereunder and
the Executive shall be entitled to settle or contest, as the case may be, any
other issue raised by the Internal Revenue Service or any other taxing
authority.

     5.4 Refunds. If, after the receipt by the Executive of an amount advanced
by the Company pursuant to Section 5.3, the Executive becomes entitled to
receive any refund with respect to such claim, the Executive shall (subject to
the Company's complying with the requirements of Section 5.3) promptly pay to
the Company the amount of such refund (together with any interest paid or
credited thereon after taxes applicable thereto). If, after the receipt by the
Executive of an amount advanced by the Company pursuant to Section 5.3, a
determination is made that the Executive shall not be entitled to any refund
with respect to such claim and the Company does not notify the Executive in
writing of its intent to contest such denial of refund prior to the expiration
of thirty (30) days after such determination, then such advance shall be
forgiven and shall not be required to be repaid and the amount of such advance
shall offset, to the extent thereof, the amount of Gross-Up Payment required to
be paid.

     5.5 Withholding. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Article 5, the
Company may withhold and pay over to the Internal Revenue Service for the
benefit of the Executive all or any portion of the Gross-Up Payment that it
determines in good faith that it is or may be in the future required to
withhold, and the Executive hereby consents to such withholding.

                                    ARTICLE 6

                                   Definitions

     For purposes of the Agreement, the following terms are defined as follows:

     6.1 "Base Salary" means Executive's annual base salary as in effect during
the last regularly scheduled payroll period immediately preceding the Covered
Termination.

     6.2 "Board" means the Board of Directors of the Company.

     6.3 "Cause" means that, in the reasonable determination of the Board,
Executive:

                                        5

<PAGE>

         (a) has committed an act that materially injures the business of the
Company;

         (b) has refused or failed to follow lawful and reasonable directions of
the Board or the appropriate individual to whom Executive reports;

         (c) has willfully or habitually neglected Executive's duties for the
Company; or

         (d) has been convicted of a felony involving moral turpitude that is
likely to inflict or has inflicted material injury on the business of the
Company.

         Notwithstanding the foregoing, Cause shall not exist based on conduct
described in clause (b) or clause (c) unless the conduct described in such
clause has not been cured within fifteen (15) days following Executive's receipt
of written notice from the Company or the Board, as the case may be, specifying
the particulars of the conduct constituting Cause.

     6.4 "Change in Control" means

         (a) a sale of substantially all of the assets of the Company;

         (b) a merger or consolidation in which the Company is not the surviving
corporation (other than a merger or consolidation in which shareholders
immediately before the merger or consolidation have, immediately after the
merger or consolidation, equal or greater stock voting power);

         (c) a reverse merger in which the Company is the surviving corporation
but the shares of the Company's common stock outstanding immediately preceding
the merger are converted by virtue of the merger into other property, whether in
the form of securities, cash or otherwise (other than a reverse merger in which
shareholders immediately before the merger have, immediately after the merger,
greater stock voting power); or

         (d) any transaction or series of related transactions in which in
excess of 50% of the Company's voting power is transferred.

     6.5 "Code" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

     6.6 "Company" means CV Therapeutics, Inc. or, following a Change in
Control, the surviving entity resulting from such transaction.

     6.7 "Constructive Termination" means that Executive voluntarily terminates
employment within thirteen (13) months following the effective date of a Change
in Control after any of the following are undertaken without Executive's express
written consent:

         (a) the assignment to Executive of any duties or responsibilities which
results in a significant diminution in Executive's function as in effect
immediately prior to the effective date of the Change in Control; provided,
however, that a mere change in Executive's title or reporting relationships
shall not constitute a Constructive Termination;

                                        6

<PAGE>

         (b) a reduction by the Company in Executive's annual base salary, as in
effect on the effective date of the Change in Control or as increased
thereafter;

         (c) any failure by the Company to continue in effect any benefit plan
or program, including fringe benefits, incentive plans and plans with respect to
the receipt of securities of the Company, in which Executive is participating
immediately prior to the effective date of the Change in Control (hereinafter
referred to as "Benefit Plans"); or the taking of any action by the Company that
would adversely affect Executive's participation in or reduce Executive's
benefits under the Benefit Plans; provided, however, that a "Constructive
Termination" shall not exist under this paragraph following a Change in Control
if the Company offers a range of benefit plans and programs which, taken as a
whole, are comparable to the Benefit Plans;

         (d) a relocation of Executive's business office to a location more than
twenty (20) miles from the location at which Executive performs duties as of the
effective date of the Change in Control, except for required travel by Executive
on the Company's business to an extent substantially consistent with Executive's
business travel obligations prior to the Change in Control; provided, however,
that if Executive performs sales functions for the Company, a change of sales
territory shall not constitute a basis for Constructive Termination so long as
the Executive's business office is not relocated as provided above;

         (e) a material breach by the Company of any provision of this
Agreement; or

         (f) any failure by the Company to obtain the assumption of this
Agreement by any successor or assign of the Company.

The termination of Executive's employment as a result of Executive's death or
disability will not be deemed to be a Constructive Termination.

     6.8  "Covered Termination" means an Involuntary Termination Without Cause
or a Constructive Termination, in any such case occurring within thirteen (13)
months following the effective date of a Change in Control.

     6.9  "Excise Tax" shall mean the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the
Code, together with any interest or penalties imposed with respect to such
excise tax.

     6.10 "Involuntary Termination Without Cause" means Executive's dismissal or
discharge other than for Cause. The termination of Executive's employment as a
result of Executive's death or disability will not be deemed to be an
Involuntary Termination Without Cause.

     6.11 A "Payment" shall mean any payment or distribution in the nature of
compensation (within the meaning of Section 280G(b)(2) of the Code) to or for
the benefit of the Executive, whether paid or payable pursuant to this Agreement
or otherwise.

                                        7


<PAGE>

                                    ARTICLE 7

                               General Provisions

         7.1 Employment Status. This Agreement does not constitute a contract of
employment or impose upon Executive any obligation to remain as an employee, or
impose on the Company any obligation (i) to retain Executive as an employee,
(ii) to change the status of Executive as an at-will employee, or (iii) to
change the Company's policies regarding termination of employment.

         7.2 Notices. Any notices provided hereunder must be in writing, and
such notices or any other written communication shall be deemed effective upon
the earlier of personal delivery (including personal delivery by facsimile) or
the third day after mailing by first class mail, to the Company at its primary
office location and to Executive at Executive's address as listed in the
Company's payroll records. Any payments made by the Company to Executive under
the terms of this Agreement shall be delivered to Executive either in person or
at the address as listed in the Company's payroll records.

         7.3 Severability. Whenever possible, each provision of this Agreement
will be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable
law, but if any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid, illegal or
unenforceable in any respect under any applicable law or rule in any
jurisdiction, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability will not affect
any other provision or any other jurisdiction, but this Agreement will be
reformed, construed and enforced in such jurisdiction as if such invalid,
illegal or unenforceable provisions had never been contained herein.

         7.4 Waiver. If either party should waive any breach of any provisions
of this Agreement, he or it shall not thereby be deemed to have waived any
preceding or succeeding breach of the same or any other provision of this
Agreement.

         7.5 Arbitration. Unless otherwise prohibited by law or specified below,
all disputes, claims and causes of action, in law or equity, arising from or
relating to this Agreement or its enforcement, performance, breach, or
interpretation shall be resolved solely and exclusively by final and binding
arbitration held in San Francisco County, California through Judicial
Arbitration & Mediation Services/Endispute ("JAMS") under the then existing JAMS
arbitration rules. However, nothing in this Section is intended to prevent
either party from obtaining injunctive relief in court to prevent irreparable
harm pending the conclusion of any such arbitration. The Company will pay the
direct costs and expenses of any such arbitration, including the fees and costs
of the arbitrator. Each party in any such arbitration shall be responsible for
its own attorneys' fees and related costs and necessary disbursements; provided,
however, that in the event one party refuses to arbitrate and the other party
seeks to compel arbitration by court order, if such other party prevails, except
as may be prohibited by law, it shall be entitled to recover reasonable
attorneys' fees and related costs and necessary disbursements. Pursuant to
California Civil Code Section 1717, each party warrants that it was represented
by counsel in the negotiation and execution of this Agreement, including the
attorneys' fees provision herein.

                                        8


<PAGE>

         7.6  Complete Agreement. This Agreement, including Exhibit A and
Exhibit B, constitutes the entire agreement between Executive and the Company
and is the complete, final, and exclusive embodiment of their agreement with
regard to this subject matter, wholly superseding all written and oral
agreements with respect to cash severance benefits and health benefits to
Executive in the event of employment termination (including the Prior Agreement)
other than any outstanding loans by the Company to Executive. It is entered into
without reliance on any promise or representation other than those expressly
contained herein.

         7.7  Amendment Or Termination Of Agreement. This Agreement may be
changed or terminated only upon the mutual written consent of the Company and
Executive. The written consent of the Company to a change or termination of this
Agreement must be signed by an executive officer of the Company after such
change or termination has been approved by the Board.

         7.8  Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in separate
counterparts, any one of which need not contain signatures of more than one
party, but all of which taken together will constitute one and the same
Agreement.

         7.9  Headings. The headings of the Articles and Sections hereof are
inserted for convenience only and shall not be deemed to constitute a part
hereof nor to affect the meaning thereof.

         7.10 Successors And Assigns. This Agreement is intended to bind and
inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by Executive, and the Company, and
any surviving entity resulting from a Change in Control and upon any other
person who is a successor by merger, acquisition, consolidation or otherwise to
the business formerly carried on by the Company, and their respective
successors, assigns, heirs, executors and administrators, without regard to
whether or not such person actively assumes any rights or duties hereunder;
provided, however, that Executive may not assign any duties hereunder and may
not assign any rights hereunder without the written consent of the Company,
which consent shall not be withheld unreasonably.

         7.11 Choice Of Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity
and interpretation of this Agreement will be governed by the law of the State of
California, without regard to such state's conflict of laws rules.

         7.12 Non-Publication. The parties mutually agree not to disclose
publicly the terms of this Agreement except to the extent that disclosure is
mandated by applicable law or regulation or to respective advisors (e.g.,
attorneys, accountants).

         7.13 Construction Of Agreement. In the event of a conflict between the
text of the Agreement and any summary, description or other information
regarding the Agreement, the text of the Agreement shall control.

                                        9

<PAGE>

         In Witness Whereof, the parties have executed this Agreement on the
Effective Date written above.

Cv Therapeutics, Inc.                            Louis G. Lange

By: /s/ Costa G. Sevastopoulos                   /s/ Louis G. Lange
    ---------------------------------------      -------------------------------
Name: Costa G. Sevastopoulos
      -------------------------------------
Title: Chairman, Compensation Committee
       ------------------------------------


Exhibit A:  Release (Individual Termination)
Exhibit B:  Release (Group Termination)

                                       10


<PAGE>

                                    Exhibit A

                                     RELEASE
                            (Individual Termination)

         Certain capitalized terms used in this Release are defined in the
Amended and Restated Executive Severance Benefits Agreement (the "Agreement")
which I have executed and of which this Release is a part.

         I hereby confirm my obligations under the Company's proprietary
information and inventions agreement.

         I acknowledge that I have read and understand Section 1542 of the
California Civil Code which reads as follows: "A general release does not extend
to claims which the creditor does not know or suspect to exist in his favor at
the time of executing the release, which if known by him must have materially
affected his settlement with the debtor." I hereby expressly waive and
relinquish all rights and benefits under that section and any law of any
jurisdiction of similar effect with respect to my release of any claims I may
have against the Company.

         Except as otherwise set forth in this Release, I hereby release, acquit
and forever discharge the Company, its parents and subsidiaries, and their
officers, directors, agents, servants, employees, shareholders, successors,
assigns and affiliates, of and from any and all claims, liabilities, demands,
causes of action, costs, expenses, attorneys fees, damages, indemnities and
obligations of every kind and nature, in law, equity, or otherwise, known and
unknown, suspected and unsuspected, disclosed and undisclosed (other than any
claim for indemnification I may have as a result of any third party action
against me based on my employment with the Company), arising out of or in any
way related to agreements, events, acts or conduct at any time prior to the date
I execute this Release, including, but not limited to: all such claims and
demands directly or indirectly arising out of or in any way connected with my
employment with the Company or the termination of that employment, including but
not limited to, claims of intentional and negligent infliction of emotional
distress, any and all tort claims for personal injury, claims or demands related
to salary, bonuses, commissions, stock, stock options, or any other ownership
interests in the Company, vacation pay, fringe benefits, expense reimbursements,
severance pay, or any other form of disputed compensation; claims pursuant to
any federal, state or local law or cause of action including, but not limited
to, the federal Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended; the federal Age
Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, as amended ("ADEA"); the federal
Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended; the federal
Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990; the California Fair Employment and
Housing Act, as amended; tort law; contract law; statutory law; common law;
wrongful discharge; discrimination; fraud; defamation; emotional distress; and
breach of the implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing; provided,
however, that nothing in this paragraph shall be construed in any way to release
the Company from its obligation to indemnify me pursuant to the Company's
indemnification obligation pursuant to agreement or applicable law.

                                        1


<PAGE>

         I acknowledge that I am knowingly and voluntarily waiving and releasing
any rights I may have under ADEA. I also acknowledge that the consideration
given under the Agreement for the waiver and release in the preceding paragraph
hereof is in addition to anything of value to which I was already entitled. I
further acknowledge that I have been advised by this writing, as required by the
ADEA, that: (A) my waiver and release do not apply to any rights or claims that
may arise on or after the date I execute this Release; (B) I have the right to
consult with an attorney prior to executing this Release; (C) I have twenty-one
(21) days to consider this Release (although I may choose to voluntarily execute
this Release earlier); (D) I have seven (7) days following the execution of this
Release by the parties to revoke the Release; and (E) this Release shall not be
effective until the date upon which the revocation period has expired, which
shall be the eighth day after this Release is executed by me.

                                               Louis G. Lange

                                               _________________________________
                                               Date:____________________________

                                        2


<PAGE>

                                    Exhibit B

                                     RELEASE

                               (Group Termination)

         Certain capitalized terms used in this Release are defined in the
Amended and Restated Executive Severance Benefits Agreement (the "Agreement")
which I have executed and of which this Release is a part.

         I hereby confirm my obligations under the Company's proprietary
information and inventions agreement.

         I acknowledge that I have read and understand Section 1542 of the
California Civil Code which reads as follows: "A general release does not extend
to claims which the creditor does not know or suspect to exist in his favor at
the time of executing the release, which if known by him must have materially
affected his settlement with the debtor." I hereby expressly waive and
relinquish all rights and benefits under that section and any law of any
jurisdiction of similar effect with respect to my release of any claims I may
have against the Company.

         Except as otherwise set forth in this Release, I hereby release, acquit
and forever discharge the Company, its parents and subsidiaries, and their
officers, directors, agents, servants, employees, shareholders, successors,
assigns and affiliates, of and from any and all claims, liabilities, demands,
causes of action, costs, expenses, attorneys fees, damages, indemnities and
obligations of every kind and nature, in law, equity, or otherwise, known and
unknown, suspected and unsuspected, disclosed and undisclosed (other than any
claim for indemnification I may have as a result of any third party action
against me based on my employment with the Company), arising out of or in any
way related to agreements, events, acts or conduct at any time prior to the date
I execute this Release, including, but not limited to: all such claims and
demands directly or indirectly arising out of or in any way connected with my
employment with the Company or the termination of that employment, including but
not limited to, claims of intentional and negligent infliction of emotional
distress, any and all tort claims for personal injury, claims or demands related
to salary, bonuses, commissions, stock, stock options, or any other ownership
interests in the Company, vacation pay, fringe benefits, expense reimbursements,
severance pay, or any other form of disputed compensation; claims pursuant to
any federal, state or local law or cause of action including, but not limited
to, the federal Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended; the federal Age
Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, as amended ("ADEA"); the federal
Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended; the federal
Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990; the California Fair Employment and
Housing Act, as amended; tort law; contract law; statutory law; common law;
wrongful discharge; discrimination; fraud; defamation; emotional distress; and
breach of the implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing; provided,
however, that nothing in this paragraph shall be construed in any way to release
the Company from its obligation to indemnify me pursuant to the Company's
indemnification obligation pursuant to agreement or applicable law.

                                        1

<PAGE>

         I acknowledge that I am knowingly and voluntarily waiving and releasing
any rights I may have under ADEA. I also acknowledge that the consideration
given under the Agreement for the waiver and release in the preceding paragraph
hereof is in addition to anything of value to which I was already entitled. I
further acknowledge that I have been advised by this writing, as required by the
ADEA, that: (A) my waiver and release do not apply to any rights or claims that
may arise on or after the date I execute this Release; (B) I have the right to
consult with an attorney prior to executing this Release; (C) I have forty-five
(45) days to consider this Release (although I may choose to voluntarily execute
this Release earlier); (D) I have seven (7) days following the execution of this
Release by the parties to revoke the Release; (E) this Release shall not be
effective until the date upon which the revocation period has expired, which
shall be the eighth day after this Release is executed by me; and (F) I have
received with this Release a detailed list of the job titles and ages of all
employees who were terminated in this group termination and the ages of all
employees of the Company in the same job classification or organizational unit
who were not terminated.

                                                  Louis G. Lange

                                                  ______________________________
                                                  Date:_________________________

                                        2

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
