<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.2
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>d02480exv99w2.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EX-99.2 AMENDMENT TO STOCKHOLDER AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                    EXHIBIT 99.2

                    AMENDMENT NO. 2 TO STOCKHOLDER AGREEMENT

                  AMENDMENT NO. 2 (this "Amendment") to the Stockholder
Agreement, dated as of December 29, 2000, and amended as of the 31st day of
December, 2001 (the "Stockholder Agreement"), is made and entered into as of the
31st day of December, 2002, by and among CORAM, INC., a Delaware corporation
(the "Company"), CERBERUS PARTNERS, L.P., a New York limited partnership
("Cerberus"), FOOTHILL CAPITAL CORPORATION, a California corporation
("Foothill"), and GOLDMAN, SACHS & CO., a New York corporation ("Goldman").
Cerberus, Foothill, and Goldman and each holder of the Company's stock which
becomes a party to the Stockholder Agreement as amended hereby after the date
hereof are individually referred to herein as a "Stockholder," and collectively
as the "Stockholders."

                                   WITNESSETH

                  WHEREAS, the parties have entered into an Exchange Agreement,
dated December 29, 2000 (the "December 2000 Exchange Agreement"), by and among
the Company, Cerberus, Foothill and Goldman Sachs Credit Partners L.P., a
Bermuda limited partnership ("GSCP"), pursuant to which the Stockholders
exchanged certain indebtedness for their pro rata share of 905 shares of Series
A Preferred Stock (such exchange being referred to herein as the "December 2000
Exchange");

                  WHEREAS, in connection with the December 2000 Exchange the
parties hereto have entered into the Stockholder Agreement which states therein
their mutual understandings, agreements and obligations and imposes certain
restrictions on the rights and benefits with respect to the voting and
disposition of the Shares now or hereafter owned by the Stockholders;

                  WHEREAS, the parties have entered into an additional Exchange
Agreement, dated December 31, 2001 (the "December 2001 Exchange Agreement"), by
and among the Company, Cerberus, Foothill and GSCP, pursuant to which the
Stockholders exchanged certain indebtedness for their pro rata share of 189.5705
shares of Series A Preferred Stock (such exchange being referred to herein as
the "December 2001 Exchange");

                  WHEREAS, in connection with the December 2001 Exchange, the
parties hereto have entered into Amendment No. 1 of the Stockholder Agreement as
of December 31, 2001 in order to amend their mutual understandings, agreements
and obligations under the Stockholder Agreement;

                  WHEREAS, pursuant to that certain Exchange Agreement, of even
date herewith (the "December 2002 Exchange Agreement"), by and among the
Company, Cerberus, Foothill and GSCP, (a) Cerberus has acquired 436.09468 shares
of Series B Preferred Stock, (b) Foothill has acquired 228.45132 shares of
Series B Preferred Stock, and (c) Goldman has acquired 553.73479 shares of
Series B Preferred Stock;

                  WHEREAS, the Series A Preferred Stock (including shares of
Series A Preferred Stock issued in lieu of cash dividends in respect thereof)
and the Series B Preferred Stock held by Cerberus, Foothill and Goldman pursuant
to the December 2000 Exchange Agreement, the December 2001 Exchange Agreement
and the December 2002 Exchange Agreement constitute


                                       1
<PAGE>


all of the shares of Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock
outstanding on the date hereof; and

                  WHEREAS, in connection with entering into the December 2002
Exchange Agreement the parties wish to amend their mutual understandings,
agreements and obligations under the Stockholder Agreement as provided in this
Amendment.

                  NOW, THEREFORE, for and in consideration of the foregoing, the
agreements set forth below, and other good and valuable consideration, the
receipt and sufficiency of which is acknowledged, and intending to be legally
bound hereby, the parties agree as follows:

                  1. Definitions. Capitalized terms used herein not otherwise
defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in the Stockholder
Agreement.

                  2. Amendments to the Stockholder Agreement. The Stockholder
Agreement is hereby amended in accordance with the following provisions:

                     a. The first recital is hereby amended and restated in its
         entirety to read as follows:

                     "WHEREAS, pursuant to that certain Exchange Agreement dated
December 29, 2000 by and among the Company and the Stockholders and that certain
Exchange Agreement dated December 31, 2001 by and among the Company and the
Stockholders, (a) Cerberus has acquired 484.3685 shares of the Company's Series
A Preferred Stock (as hereinafter defined), (b) Foothill has acquired 205.2581
shares of Series A Preferred Stock, and (c) Goldman has acquired 404.9539 shares
of Series A Preferred Stock;"

                     b. The following language is hereby inserted after the
         first recital:

                     "WHEREAS, pursuant to that certain Exchange Agreement dated
December 31, 2002 by and among the Company and the Stockholders, (a) Cerberus
has acquired 436.09468 shares of the Company's Series B Preferred Stock (as
hereinafter defined), (b) Foothill has acquired 228.45132 shares of Series B
Preferred Stock, and (c) Goldman has acquired 553.73479 shares of Series B
Preferred Stock;"

                     c. The following definitions in Section 1 of the
         Stockholder Agreement are hereby amended and restated to read as
         follows:

                  "Certificate of Designation" means the Second Certificate of
                  Amendment of Certificate of Designation of the Company filed
                  with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on
                  December 31, 2002.

                  "Preferred Stock" means the Series A Preferred Stock and the
                  Series B Preferred Stock, collectively.

                     d. The definition of "Term Sheet" is hereby amended and
         restated to read as follows:


                                       2
<PAGE>


                  "Term Sheets" means the Term Sheet agreed to by the Company
                  and the Stockholders dated December 28, 2000, as approved by
                  the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of
                  Delaware, in conjunction with the Term Sheet agreed to by the
                  Company and the Stockholders dated December 27, 2002, as
                  approved by the United States Bankruptcy Court for the
                  District of Delaware.

                     e. The following definitions in Section 1 of the
         Stockholder Agreement are hereby added:

                  "Series A Preferred Stock" means the Series A Preferred Stock,
$0.001 par value per share, of the Company.

                  "Series B Certificate of Designation" means the Certificate of
Designation of the Company filed with the Secretary of State of the State of
Delaware on December 31, 2002.

                  "Series B Preferred Stock" means the Series B Cumulative
Preferred Stock, $0.001 par value per share, of the Company.

                     f. The date "January 1, 2002" in Section 1 of the
         Stockholder Agreement in the definition of "Triggering Event" is hereby
         replaced with the date "April 13, 2002."

                     g. Section 4 of the Stockholder Agreement is hereby amended
         and restated in its entirety to read as follows:

                  4. GOVERNANCE PROVISIONS

                  4.1. Voting Rights. The holders of the shares of Preferred
                  Stock hereby acknowledge and agree that the voting rights set
                  forth in Section 5 of the Certificate of Designation and the
                  Series B Certificate of Designation, as may be applicable,
                  shall not be effective (and shall not be exercised by the
                  holders of the shares of Preferred Stock) prior to the
                  occurrence of a Triggering Event. Prior to such Triggering
                  Event, the holders of the shares of Series A Preferred Stock
                  shall have the following voting rights in lieu of the voting
                  rights set forth in Section 5 of the Certificate of
                  Designation:

                           (a) The holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock
                           shall have the exclusive right, voting separately as
                           a single class, to elect up to a number of directors
                           (but not more than two) that constitutes less than
                           half of the total directors of the Company; provided,
                           however, that if the holders of the shares of Series
                           A Preferred Stock do not elect any directors to the
                           Board of Directors, such holders will have the right
                           to appoint up to three observers to the Board of
                           Directors.


                                       3
<PAGE>


                           (b) Subject to the proviso in Section 4.2 of the
                           By-laws of the Company, any vacancy occurring in the
                           office of director elected by the holders of the
                           shares of Series A Preferred Stock or any additional
                           director to be elected pursuant to Section 4.1(a)
                           above may be filled by the remaining director(s)
                           elected by the holders of the shares of Series A
                           Preferred Stock unless and until such vacancy shall
                           be filled by the holders of the shares of Series A
                           Preferred Stock. The term of office of the directors
                           elected by the holders of the shares of Series A
                           Preferred Stock shall terminate upon the election of
                           their successors at any meeting of the holders of the
                           shares of Series A Preferred Stock held for the
                           purpose of electing directors elected by the holders
                           of the shares of Series A Preferred Stock.

                           (c) Subject to the proviso in Section 4.2 of the
                           By-laws of the Company, the directors elected by the
                           holders of the shares of Series A Preferred Stock
                           voting separately as a single class may only be
                           removed from office with or without cause by the vote
                           of the holders of at least a majority of the
                           outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock.

                           (d) From and after the occurrence of a Triggering
                           Event, the foregoing rights of the holders of the
                           shares of Series A Preferred Stock to elect directors
                           of the Company in accordance with this Section 4.1
                           shall no longer be effective (and shall not be
                           exercised by the holders of the shares of Series A
                           Preferred Stock) and shall be replaced with the
                           rights of the holders of shares of Series A Preferred
                           Stock to elect directors of the Company in accordance
                           with Section 5 of the Certificate of Designation.

                           d. Section 8.4 of the Stockholder Agreement is hereby
         amended by deleting the following language:

         with a copy (which shall
         not constitute notice) to: Reed Smith LLP
                                    1301 K Street, N.W.
                                    Suite 1100 - East Tower
                                    Washington, DC  20005-3317
                                    Attention: Eugene Tillman, Esq.
                                    Telecopy Number: 202-414-9299

         and replacing it with the following language:

         with a copy (which shall
         not constitute notice) to: Schnader Harrison Segal & Lewis LLP
                                    1600 Market Street, Suite 3600
                                    Philadelphia, PA  19103
                                    Attention: Joseph Devine, Esq.
                                    Telecopy Number: 215-751-2205


                                       4
<PAGE>


         3. Effect on the Stockholder Agreement. Except as amended hereby, the
Stockholder Agreement shall remain in full force and effect.

         4. Governing Law. This Amendment shall be construed and enforced in
accordance with the internal laws of the State of Delaware, irrespective of the
choice of law provisions thereof.

         5. Facsimile Signature; Counterparts. This Amendment may be executed by
facsimile signature and in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be
deemed an original but all of which together shall constitute one and the same
instrument.

         6. References. References herein to the "Stockholder Agreement," "this
Amendment," "hereunder," "hereof," or words of like import referring to the
Stockholder Agreement, shall mean and be a reference to the Stockholder
Agreement as amended hereby.


                                       5
<PAGE>




                  IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Amendment has been executed as of the
date and year first above written.

                                  CORAM, INC.


                                  By:     /s/ SCOTT R. DANITZ
                                     -------------------------------------------
                                  Name:  Scott R. Danitz
                                  Title: Senior Vice President, Chief Financial
                                  Officer & Treasurer

                                  CERBERUS PARTNERS, L.P.
                                  By: Cerberus Associates LLC
                                  Its: General Partner


                                  By:     /s/ MARK A. NEPORENT
                                     -------------------------------------------
                                  Name:  Mark A. Neporent
                                  Title: Managing Director


                                  FOOTHILL CAPITAL CORPORATION


                                  By:     /s/ M. E. STEARNS
                                     -------------------------------------------
                                  Name:  M. E. Stearns
                                  Title: Sr. VP


                                  GOLDMAN, SACHS & CO.


                                  By:     /s/ STEPHEN P. HICKEY
                                     -------------------------------------------
                                  Name:  Stephen P. Hickey
                                  Title: Authorized Signatory


                                       6

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
