<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>h02473exv2w1.txt
<DESCRIPTION>SHARE SALE AGREEMENT DATED DECEMBER, 2002
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                     EXHIBIT 2.1

                                                            BLAKE DAWSON WALDRON
                                                                  LAWYERS
                                                            --------------------



                              SHARE SALE AGREEMENT




                                  NAUTRONIX LTD

                               ABN 28 009 019 603

                             MITCHAM INDUSTRIES INC




                  Level 19
            Forrest Centre             DECEMBER 2002
   221 St George's Terrace        REF:  09-1330-0731
           PERTH  WA  6000
Telephone:  (08) 9366 8000
      Fax:  (08) 9366 8111









<PAGE>
                                    CONTENTS



<TABLE>
<S>     <C>                                                                                             <C>
1.       INTERPRETATION                                                                                      1

         1.1      Definitions                                                                                1
         1.2      Rules for interpreting this document                                                       3
         1.3      Multiple parties                                                                           5
         1.4      Business Days                                                                              5

2.       AGREEMENT TO SELL AND BUY THE SHARES                                                                5

         2.1      Sale and purchase                                                                          5
         2.2      Title property and risk                                                                    5

3.       CONDITIONS                                                                                          6

         3.1      Conditions precedent to Completion                                                         6
         3.2      Waiver of conditions                                                                       6
         3.3      Obligation to satisfy conditions                                                           6
         3.4      Result of non-satisfaction of conditions                                                   6
         3.5      NIXAP Equipment                                                                            7

4.       COMPLETION                                                                                          7

         4.1      Time and place of Completion                                                               7
         4.2      Obligations of Seller at Completion                                                        7
         4.3      Obligations of Buyer at Completion                                                         8
         4.4      What corporate actions the Seller must arrange on Completion                               8
         4.5      Seller's obligations until registration                                                    9
         4.6      Buyer's obligation to register                                                             9

5.       WARRANTIES                                                                                          9

         5.1      Seller's Warranties                                                                        9
         5.2      Seller's indemnity                                                                         9
         5.3      Threshold for claims                                                                       9
         5.4      Cap on claims                                                                              9
         5.5      Time limits for bringing claims                                                           10
         5.6      Buyer's Warranties                                                                        10
         5.7      Buyer's indemnity                                                                         11
         5.8      Threshold for claims                                                                      11
         5.9      Cap on claims                                                                             11
         5.10     Time limits for bringing claims                                                           11
         5.11     Knowledge of Buyer                                                                        11
         5.12     No Further Warranties                                                                     12
         5.13     Buyer acknowledges opportunity for advice and inquiries                                   13
         5.14     Buyer not aware of a Warranty Breach                                                      13

6.       TERMINATION                                                                                        13

         6.1      Breach                                                                                    13
         6.2      Notice of termination                                                                     13
</TABLE>


<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<S>     <C>                                                                                             <C>
         6.3      Surviving clauses                                                                         14
         6.4      Deposit                                                                                   14

7.       CONFIDENTIALITY AND DISCLOSURES                                                                    14

         7.1      Confidentiality                                                                           14
         7.2      Obligations of confidentiality                                                            14
         7.3      Exceptions to obligations of confidentiality                                              15
         7.4      Return of Confidential Information                                                        15
         7.5      Warranties                                                                                15
         7.6      Disclosure by Company                                                                     16
         7.7      Confidentiality of the agreement                                                          16

8.       SELLER'S CONTINUING RIGHT TO ACCESS DOCUMENTS                                                      16


9.       COSTS AND STAMP DUTY                                                                               17

         9.1      Costs generally                                                                           17
         9.2      Stamp duty generally                                                                      17

10.      NOTICES                                                                                            17

         10.1     How to give a notice                                                                      17
         10.2     When a notice is given                                                                    17
         10.3     Address for notices                                                                       18

11.      AMENDMENT AND ASSIGNMENT                                                                           18

         11.1     Amendment                                                                                 18
         11.2     Assignment                                                                                18

12.      GENERAL                                                                                            18

         12.1     Governing Law                                                                             18
         12.2     Giving effect to this document                                                            18
         12.3     Waiver of rights                                                                          19
         12.4     Operation of this document                                                                19
         12.5     Operation of indemnities                                                                  19
         12.6     GST                                                                                       19
         12.7     Consents                                                                                  20
         12.8     No merger                                                                                 20
         12.9     Counterparts                                                                              20
         12.10    Attorneys                                                                                 20

13.      TND                                                                                                20


Schedules
1        DISCLOSURES                                                                                        22
2        SELLER'S WARRANTIES                                                                                23
3        NIXAP EQUIPMENT                                                                                    30
</TABLE>


<PAGE>

                              SHARE SALE AGREEMENT

DATE      December 2002

PARTIES

         NAUTRONIX LIMITED ABN 28 009 019 603 (the "SELLER")

         MITCHAM INDUSTRIES INC (a company incorporated in Texas) (the "BUYER")

RECITALS

A.       The Seller is the beneficial owner of the Shares of the Company.

B.       The Company is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Seller.

C.       The Seller wishes to sell to the Buyer and the Buyer wishes to buy from
         the Seller the Shares on the terms of this document.

OPERATIVE PROVISIONS

1.       INTERPRETATION

1.1      DEFINITIONS

         "AUTHORISATION" means:

         (a)      an authorisation, consent, declaration, exemption,
                  notarisation or waiver, however it is described; and

         (b)      in relation to anything that could be prohibited or restricted
                  by law if a Government Agency acts in any way within a
                  specified period, the expiry of that period without that
                  action being taken,

         including any renewal or amendment.

         "BUSINESS DAY" means:

         (a)      for determining when a notice, consent or other communication
                  is given, a day that is not a Saturday, Sunday or public
                  holiday in the place to which the notice, consent or other
                  communication is sent; and

         (b)      for any other purpose, a day (other than a Saturday, Sunday or
                  public holiday) on which banks are open for general banking
                  business in Perth, Western Australia.

         "BUYER CLAIM" means a claim against the Seller under a Warranty or
         under an indemnity in this document.

         "BUYER'S WARRANTY" means each of the warranties and representations
         referred to in clause 5.6.

         "COMPANY" means Seismic Asia Pacific Pty Ltd ABN 31 083 755 104.
<PAGE>

         "COMPLETION" means completion of the sale and purchase of the Shares
         under clause 5.

         "COMPLETION DATE" means 23 December 2002 or such later date which is
         agreed in writing by the parties.

         "CORPORATIONS ACT" means the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth).

         "ENCUMBRANCE" means a mortgage, charge, pledge, lien, hypothecation or
         title retention arrangement, a right of set-off or right to withhold
         payment of a deposit or other money, a notice under section 255 of the
         Income Tax Assessment Act 1936, section 260-5 in schedule 1 to the
         Taxation Administration Act 1953 or any similar legislation, or an
         easement, restrictive covenant, caveat or similar restriction over
         property, or an agreement to create any of them or to allow any of them
         to exist.

         "GOVERNMENT AGENCY" means:

         (a)      a government or government department or other body;

         (b)      a governmental, semi-governmental or judicial person; or

         (c)      a person (whether autonomous or not) who is charged with the
                  administration of a law.

         "GST" means:

         (a)      the same as in the GST Law;

         (b)      any other goods and services tax, or any Tax applying to this
                  transaction in a similar way; and

         (c)      any additional tax, penalty tax, fine, interest or other
                  charge under a law for such a Tax.

         "GST LAW" means the same as "GST law" means in the A New Tax System
         (Goods & Services Tax) Act 1999.

         "INSOLVENCY EVENT" means, for a person, being in liquidation or
         provisional liquidation or under administration, having a controller
         (as defined in the Corporations Act) or analogous person appointed to
         it or any of its property, being taken under section 459F(1) of the
         Corporations Act to have failed to comply with a statutory demand,
         being unable to pay its debts or otherwise insolvent, dying, ceasing to
         be of full legal capacity or otherwise becoming incapable of managing
         its own affairs for any reason, taking any step that could result in
         the person becoming an insolvent under administration (as defined in
         section 9 of the Corporations Act), entering into a compromise or
         arrangement with, or assignment for the benefit of, any of its members
         or creditors, or any analogous event.

         "LAST ACCOUNTS" means the audited balance sheet and profit and loss
         accounts of the Company for the year ended on the Last Accounts Balance
         Date, true copies of which are exhibited as Exhibit "A" to this
         agreement and initialled for the purposes of identification by an
         officer of the Seller and an officer of the Buyer.


<PAGE>

         "LAST ACCOUNTS BALANCE DATE" means 30 June 2002.

         "LOSS OR CLAIM" means, in relation to any person, a damage, loss, cost,
         expense or liability incurred by the person or a claim, demand, action,
         proceeding or judgment made against the person, however arising and
         whether present or future, fixed or unascertained, actual or
         contingent.

         "NAB" means National Australia Bank Limited.

         "NIXAP EQUIPMENT" means all of the equipment set out in Schedule 3 to
         this document currently owned by Nautronix Asia Pacific Pte Ltd and
         used in its business.

         "PURCHASE PRICE" means $1,330,000.

         "SHARES" means all of the issued shares in the capital of the Company.

         "REVENUE AUTHORITY" means any Australian Federal, State, Territory or
         local governmental authority or instrumentality in respect of Tax.

         "SSI CONTRACT" means the contract dated 23 July 1997 between Seismic
         Supply International Pty Ltd and SeaBeam Instruments Inc (now Harris
         Acoustic Products Corp).

         "SUPERANNUATION COMMITMENT" means any legal liability (whether arising
         under an industrial award or agreement or otherwise) or voluntary
         commitment to make contributions to any superannuation fund, pension
         scheme or other arrangement which will provide directors or employees
         of the Company or their respective dependants with pensions, annuities,
         lump sum or any other payments upon retirement or earlier death or
         otherwise.

         "TAX" means a tax, levy, duty, charge, deduction or withholding,
         however it is described, that is imposed by law or by a Government
         Agency, together with any related interest, penalty, fine or other
         charge

         "TAX ACT" means the Income Tax Assessment Act 1936, the Taxation
         Administration Act 1953, Income Tax Rates Act 1986 and other rating
         Acts, the Income Tax Assessment Act 1997, the Income Tax Regulations
         and related Commonwealth income taxation legislation and regulations.

         "TND" means the potential Thales Navigation debt of $407,000.

         "WARRANTY" means each of the warranties and representations referred to
         in clause 5.1.

1.2      RULES FOR INTERPRETING THIS DOCUMENT

         Headings are for convenience only, and do not affect interpretation.
         The following rules also apply in interpreting this document, except
         where the context makes it clear that a rule is not intended to apply.


<PAGE>

         (a)      A reference to:

                  (i)     legislation (including subordinate legislation) is to
                          that legislation as amended, re-enacted or replaced,
                          and includes any subordinate legislation issued under
                          it;

                  (ii)    a document or agreement, or a provision of a document
                          or agreement, is to that document, agreement or
                          provision as amended, supplemented, replaced or
                          novated;

                  (iii)   a party to this document or to any other document or
                          agreement includes a permitted substitute or a
                          permitted assign of that party;

                  (iv)    a person includes any type of entity or body of
                          persons, whether or not it is incorporated or has a
                          separate legal identity, and any executor,
                          administrator or successor in law of the person; and

                  (v)     anything (including a right, obligation or concept)
                          includes each part of it.

         (b)      A singular word includes the plural, and vice versa.

         (c)      A word which suggests one gender includes the other genders.

         (d)      If a word is defined, another part of speech has a
                  corresponding meaning.

         (e)      If an example is given of anything (including a right,
                  obligation or concept), such as by saying it includes
                  something else, the example does not limit the scope of that
                  thing.

         (f)      The word "AGREEMENT" includes an undertaking or other binding
                  arrangement or understanding, whether or not in writing.

         (g)      Where an expression is defined anywhere in this document, it
                  has the same meaning throughout.

         (h)      A reference to "DOLLARS" or "$" is to an amount in Australian
                  currency.

         (i)      A reference to this document includes the agreement recorded
                  by this document.

         (j)      Words defined in the GST Law have the same meaning in clauses
                  1.2(k), 1.2(l) and 12.6.

         (k)      If a person is a member of a GST group, references to GST
                  which the person must pay and to input tax credits to which
                  the person is entitled include GST which the representative
                  member of the GST group must pay and input tax credits to
                  which the representative member is entitled.

         (l)      If a person is notionally liable to pay GST or is liable to
                  pay an amount which is treated as GST under the GST Law,
                  references to GST which the person must pay extend to any
                  notional liability of the person to pay GST and references to
                  an input tax credit extend to any notional input tax credit to
                  which the person is entitled.
<PAGE>

         (m)      A reference to a matter being "TO THE SELLER'S KNOWLEDGE AND
                  BELIEF" means that the matter is to the actual knowledge of
                  the Seller.

         (n)      Where a warranty is qualified by the expression "TO THE
                  SELLER'S KNOWLEDGE AND BELIEF" the warranty is deemed to
                  include a further warranty by the Seller that the warranty is
                  made after enquiry has been made by the Seller as to the
                  relevant matters.

1.3      MULTIPLE PARTIES

         If a party to this document is made up of more than one person, or a
         term is used in this document to refer to more than one party:

         (a)      an obligation of those persons is joint and several;

         (b)      a right of those persons is held by each of them severally;
                  and

         (c)      any other reference to that party or term is a reference to
                  each of those persons separately, so that (for example) a
                  representation, warranty or undertaking is given by each of
                  them separately.

1.4      BUSINESS DAYS

         If the day on or by which a person must do something under this
         document is not a Business Day:

         (a)      if the act involves a payment that is due on demand, the
                  person must do it on or by the next Business Day; and

         (b)      in any other case, the person must do it on or by the previous
                  Business Day.

2.       AGREEMENT TO SELL AND BUY THE SHARES

2.1      SALE AND PURCHASE

         Subject to clause 3, the Seller as beneficial owner sells to the Buyer
         and the Buyer buys from the Seller, the Shares (together with all
         benefits, rights and entitlements accrued or attaching to the Shares)
         free from any security or third party interest for the Purchase Price
         and otherwise on the terms of this document.

2.2      TITLE PROPERTY AND RISK

         The title to, property in and risk of the Shares:

         (a)      until Completion, remains solely with the Seller; and

         (b)      passes to the Buyer on and from Completion.
<PAGE>

3.       CONDITIONS

3.1      CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO COMPLETION

         The obligations of the parties to complete the sale and purchase of the
         Shares do not become binding unless each of the following conditions
         are satisfied, or waived under clause 3.2:

         (a)      the Seller obtains a full and unconditional release from NAB
                  of the guarantee and indemnity provided by the Company to NAB;

         (b)      simultaneously with Completion, the Buyer completing its
                  acquisition of the NIXAP Equipment from Nautronix Asia Pacific
                  Pte Limited for an amount of $200,000; and

         (c)      the Buyer has paid a deposit of $100,000 to the Seller.

3.2      WAIVER OF CONDITIONS

         The Seller may, in its absolute discretion and subject to any
         conditions that the Seller thinks fit to impose, waive a condition
         referred to in clause 3.1(b) or (c) by notice to the Buyer.

         The condition in clause 3.1(a) may only be waived by written notice
         from both the Buyer and the Seller subject to any conditions imposed in
         those notices by both parties.

3.3      OBLIGATION TO SATISFY CONDITIONS

         Where clause 3.1 specifies that a party must do an act in relation to
         the satisfaction of a condition, the specified party must do the
         specified act in accordance with clause 3.1 and, in any event, the
         Seller and the Buyer must:

         (a)      use their respective best endeavours (other than waiver) to
                  ensure that the conditions referred to in clause 3.1 are
                  fulfilled on or before the Completion Date; and

         (b)      keep each other informed of any circumstances which may result
                  in any of those conditions not being satisfied in accordance
                  with its terms.

3.4      RESULT OF NON-SATISFACTION OF CONDITIONS

         If the conditions referred to in clause 3.1 are not satisfied or waived
         under clause 3.2 on or before the Completion Date, then all rights and
         obligations under this document other than:

         (a)      this clause 3 and clauses 1 and 6 to 12; and

         (b)      rights that accrue before that date,

         terminate on that date.
<PAGE>

3.5      NIXAP EQUIPMENT

         As contemplated by clause 3.1(b), the Buyer acknowledges and agrees
         that it will purchase the NIXAP Equipment from Nautronix Asia Pacific
         Pte Limited for an amount of $200,000 and completion of this purchase
         shall be simultaneous with completion of the sale of the Shares. This
         obligation will cease if this condition precedent is waived in
         accordance with clause 3.2. The Seller will use its best endeavours to
         procure that Nautronix Asia Pacific Pte Limited executes any documents
         necessary to effect such transfer and the Buyer undertakes to execute
         such documents. The Buyer acknowledges that no warranties or
         representations are made by the Seller or Nautronix Asia Pacific Pte
         Limited in relation to the NIXAP Equipment (including warranties as to
         condition and fitness for purpose), excepting as set out in Schedule 2
         to this document, and all other warranties and representations are
         excluded to the fullest extent permitted by law.

4.       COMPLETION

4.1      TIME AND PLACE OF COMPLETION

         Completion is to occur on the Completion Date at the offices of the
         Seller's solicitors, 221 St George's Terrace, Perth, Western Australia,
         or at any other time or place agreed in writing by the parties.

4.2      OBLIGATIONS OF SELLER AT COMPLETION

         At Completion the Seller must deliver or cause to be delivered to the
         Buyer:

         (a)      the share certificates for the Shares;

         (b)      transfers of the Shares naming as transferee the Buyer or its
                  nominees which have been duly executed in blank by the
                  respective holders and are in registrable form;

         (c)      an irrevocable consent and waiver by the Seller of their
                  rights of pre-emption under clause 27 of the constitution of
                  the Company;

         (d)      the written resignations of each director, secretary and
                  public officer of the Company;

         (e)      proxy forms duly completed in accordance with the Company's
                  constitution or powers of attorney appointing the Buyer's
                  nominees as proxy or attorney of the registered holder of the
                  Shares; and

         (f)      any other document which the Buyer requires to obtain good
                  title to the Shares and to enable the Buyer to cause the
                  registration of the Shares in the name of the Buyer or its
                  nominee;

         (g)      the common seal, secretarial volume, asset register, all other
                  registers, management accounts, budgets and all books of
                  accounts, ledgers, records, cheque books, documents and other
                  papers of any kind of the Company to the extent that they are
                  not located at the Company's principal place of business in
                  Queensland; and


<PAGE>

         (h)      subject to clause 3.2, the NIXAP Equipment (with delivery
                  details to be specified by the Buyer as at Completion).

4.3      OBLIGATIONS OF BUYER AT COMPLETION

         At Completion the Buyer must:

         (a)      pay the Purchase Price to the Seller or as the Seller may
                  direct by notice to the Buyer, in cash or by bank cheque or in
                  any other form that the parties may agree in writing;

         (b)      subject to clause 3.2, pay $200,000 to Nautronix Asia Pacific
                  Pte Limited as consideration for the purchase of the NIXAP
                  Equipment, as Nautronix Asia Pacific Pte Limited may direct by
                  notice to the Buyer, in cash or by bank cheque or in any other
                  form that the Buyer and Nautronix Asia Pacific Pte Limited may
                  agree in writing;

         (c)      provide a written consent of each person nominated by the
                  Buyer to act as a director, secretary or public officer of the
                  Company;

         (d)      do and execute all other acts and documents which this
                  document requires the Buyer to do or execute at Completion.

         The parties acknowledge that upon Completion the deposit of $100,000
         shall vest in the Seller on Completion and shall be part satisfaction
         of the Purchase Price pursuant to paragraph (a) of this clause.

4.4      WHAT CORPORATE ACTIONS THE SELLER MUST ARRANGE ON COMPLETION

         At Completion the Seller must ensure that a duly convened meeting of
         the directors of the Company is held, and that resolutions for the
         following are passed at those meetings:

         (a)      (APPROVE TRANSFERS) subject to payment of stamp duty, to
                  approve transfer of the Shares to the Buyer, to register the
                  transfers of the Shares, to issue a new share certificate for
                  the Shares in the name of the Buyer and to cancel the existing
                  share certificates;

         (b)      (APPOINT OFFICERS) to appoint as additional directors,
                  secretaries and public officers of the Company persons
                  nominated by the Buyer before Completion by notice to the
                  Seller (except any nominee who has not provided a written
                  consent to act);

         (c)      (CHANGE BANK SIGNATORIES) to revoke any existing authority to
                  operate an account or safety deposit box with a bank or a
                  financial institution, and to appoint instead as signatories
                  of the accounts and deposit boxes of the Company the persons
                  nominated by the Buyer before Completion by notice to the
                  Seller;

         (d)      (RETIREMENTS) to note the resignations of the directors,
                  secretaries and public officer of the Company, with effect
                  from the end of that meeting, by the written resignations
                  provided under clause 4.2(d).


<PAGE>

4.5      SELLER'S OBLIGATIONS UNTIL REGISTRATION

         After Completion and until the Shares are registered in the name of the
         Buyer and any nominee, the Seller must attend general meetings of the
         Company, vote at those meetings and take all other action as registered
         holder of the Shares as the Buyer may lawfully require by notice.

4.6      BUYER'S OBLIGATION TO REGISTER

         The Buyer must ensure that registration of the transfer of the Shares
         takes place as soon as possible after Completion.

5.       WARRANTIES

5.1      SELLER'S WARRANTIES

         The Seller warrants and represents to the Buyer, as an inducement to
         the Buyer to enter into this document and to purchase the Shares and
         the NIXAP Equipment, and it is a condition of this document that,
         except as set out in Schedule 1, each of the statements set out in
         Schedule 2 is true, complete and accurate, both at the date of this
         document and at the Completion Date (except that where a Warranty
         refers to only one of those dates, that Warranty is given only as at
         that date).

5.2      SELLER'S INDEMNITY

         The Seller indemnifies the Buyer on a full indemnity basis against:

         (a)      any Loss or Claim of or against the Buyer and the Company to
                  the extent that the claim arises from or is connected with any
                  breach of any of the Warranties or any other term of this
                  document by the Seller; and

         (b)      any Loss or Claim of or against the Buyer by reason of the
                  Shares or the NIXAP Equipment being worth less than they would
                  have been worth had that breach not occurred.

5.3      THRESHOLD FOR CLAIMS

         The Buyer cannot make any claim for breach of any Warranty, under an
         indemnity in this document, or based on a breach of any provision of
         this document unless the amount claimed by the Buyer or aggregate
         amount of all claims of the Buyer exceeds $50,000, and then the Buyer
         may claim the full amount including the first $50,000.

5.4      CAP ON CLAIMS

         The aggregate liability of the Seller for claims for breach of
         Warranty, under an indemnity in this document, or based on a breach of
         any provision of this document, is limited to $500,000, but any
         interest on the amount of a claim included in any judgment, or any
         interest upon any judgment for a claim, or any costs of proceedings for
         a claim payable by the Seller, may be claimed and are not to be counted
         in calculating this limit.


<PAGE>

5.5      TIME LIMITS FOR BRINGING CLAIMS

         The Buyer cannot make any claim for breach of any Warranty, under an
         indemnity in this document, or based on a breach of any provision of
         this document, and the liability of the Seller for a claim is
         absolutely barred, unless the Buyer gives to the Seller within 1 year
         after Completion, notice of the claim describing the proposed claim
         sufficiently to put the Seller fairly on notice of the matter in
         question, and (to the extent the Buyer is reasonably able) of the
         likely amount of the claim.

5.6      BUYER'S WARRANTIES

         The Buyer warrants and represents to the Seller, as an inducement to
         the Seller to enter into this document and to sell the Shares, and it
         is a condition of this document that, at the date of this document:

         (a)      (STATUS) it is a company limited by shares;

         (b)      (POWER) it has full legal capacity and power to enter into
                  this document and to carry out the transactions that it
                  contemplates;

         (c)      (CORPORATE AUTHORITY) it has taken all corporate action that
                  is necessary or desirable to authorise its entry into this
                  document and its carrying out the transactions that it
                  contemplates;

         (d)      (AUTHORISATIONS) it holds each Authorisation that is necessary
                  or desirable to:

                  (i)    execute this document and to carry out the transactions
                         that it contemplates; or

                  (ii)   ensure that this document is legal, valid, binding and
                         admissible in evidence,

                  and it is complying with any conditions to which any of these
                  Authorisations is subject;

         (e)      (DOCUMENTS EFFECTIVE) this document constitutes its legal,
                  valid and binding obligations, enforceable against it in
                  accordance with its terms (except to the extent limited by
                  equitable principles and laws affecting creditors' rights
                  generally), subject to any necessary stamping or registration;

         (f)      (NO CONTRAVENTION) neither its execution of this document nor
                  the carrying out by it of the transactions that it
                  contemplates, does or will:

                  (i)    contravene any law to which it or any of its property
                         is subject or any order of any Government Agency that
                         is binding on it or any of its property;

                  (ii)   contravene any Authorisation;

                  (iii)  contravene any undertaking or instrument binding on it
                         or any of its property; or


<PAGE>

                  (iv)   contravene its constitution;

         (g)      (NO LITIGATION) no litigation, arbitration, mediation,
                  conciliation or administrative proceedings are taking place,
                  pending, or to the knowledge of any of its officers after due
                  inquiry, threatened which, if adversely decided, could have a
                  material adverse effect on its ability to perform its
                  obligations under this document;

         (h)      (NO INSOLVENCY) it is not affected by an Insolvency Event; and

         (i)      (NO TRUST) it is not entering into this document as trustee of
                  any trust or settlement.

5.7      BUYER'S INDEMNITY

         The Buyer indemnifies the Seller on a full indemnity basis against any
         Loss or Claim of or against the Seller to the extent that the claim
         arises from or is connected with any breach of any of the warranties of
         the Buyer under clause 5.6 or any other term of this document by the
         Buyer.

5.8      THRESHOLD FOR CLAIMS

         The Seller cannot make any claim for breach of any Buyer's Warranty,
         under an indemnity in this document, or based on a breach of any
         provision of this document unless the amount claimed by the Seller or
         aggregate amount of all claims of the Seller exceeds $50,000, and then
         the Seller may claim the full amount including the first $50,000.

5.9      CAP ON CLAIMS

         The aggregate liability of the Buyer for claims for breach of Buyer's
         Warranty, under an indemnity in this document, or based on a breach of
         any provision of this document, is limited to $500,000, but any
         interest on the amount of a claim included in any judgment, or any
         interest upon any judgment for a claim, or any costs of proceedings for
         a claim payable by the Seller, may be claimed and are not to be counted
         in calculating this limit.

5.10     TIME LIMITS FOR BRINGING CLAIMS

         The Seller cannot make any claim for breach of any Buyer's Warranty,
         under an indemnity in this document, or based on a breach of any
         provision of this document, and the liability of the Buyer for a claim
         is absolutely barred, unless the Seller gives to the Buyer within 1
         year after Completion, notice of the claim describing the proposed
         claim sufficiently to put the Buyer fairly on notice of the matter in
         question, and (to the extent the Seller is reasonably able) of the
         likely amount of the claim.

5.11     KNOWLEDGE OF BUYER

         The Warranties are qualified by, and the Buyer cannot make a Buyer
         Claim in relation to:

         (a)      any information available to the public generally, or
                  available to the Buyer on enquiry of any government agency,
                  for example, the Australian Securities and Investments
                  Commission, IP Australia, the Land Titles Office, the
                  Environment Protection Authority or any court registry;


<PAGE>

         (b)      any information about the Seller, the business or the Company
                  or any of the assets of the Company or the Seller available to
                  the public generally, or available to any buyer, from any
                  stock exchange;

         (c)      any information publicly available at the time of signing this
                  document;

         (d)      anything which would be revealed by or apparent from physical
                  inspection of the Premises, any fixtures on the Premises, any
                  plant and equipment or the NIXAP Equipment or the inventory at
                  the time of signing this document;

         (e)      anything the Buyer should know, having regard to the
                  opportunities of the Buyer or any adviser of the Buyer to make
                  enquiries of the Seller;

         (f)      anything which the Buyer or any officer, employee, agent or
                  adviser of the Buyer actually knows before Completion;

         (g)      anything which the Buyer or any officer, employee, agent or
                  adviser of the Buyer ought to have known before Completion if
                  acting with reasonable care and diligence, including as a
                  result of the Buyer's investigation of the Business or any of
                  the assets or Premises or fixtures on Premises made by the
                  Buyer;

         (h)      anything which a reasonable person in the position of the
                  Buyer or in the position of any adviser of the Buyer would
                  have found after due inquiry prompted by, or might reasonably
                  infer or suspect from, any information falling within (a) to
                  (g) above; and

         (i)      anything a person in the position of the Seller or an adviser
                  of the Seller could reasonably expect the Buyer to know itself
                  or through any of its advisers, having regard to the apparent
                  expertise and experience of the Buyer or of any adviser of the
                  Buyer in the relevant industry, in any industry in which the
                  business is conducted or in which the Buyer conducts business,
                  or in the industry generally (and in this regard, the Buyer
                  makes the acknowledgments in clause 5.13 of this document).

5.12     NO FURTHER WARRANTIES

         Except for the Warranties, neither the Seller nor any related body
         corporate of the Seller makes any express or implied representation or
         warranty at all including:

         (a)      as to the physical condition or suitability for any particular
                  purpose or functionality or lack of defects of any plant and
                  equipment or leased equipment or premises or fixtures on
                  premises (including the NIXAP Equipment);

         (b)      as to markets or supplies;

         (c)      as to future matters, including future costs, revenues or
                  profits; or

         (d)      as to the accuracy, completeness or reasonableness of any
                  projection, forecast or forward looking information, or of any
                  assumptions on which they are based.
<PAGE>

5.13     BUYER ACKNOWLEDGES OPPORTUNITY FOR ADVICE AND INQUIRIES

         The Buyer acknowledges and agrees that (including for the purposes of
         clause 5.11):

         (a)      the Buyer and its representatives have had an opportunity to
                  conduct a due diligence investigation and evaluation of the
                  assets and the business of the Company, and have used that
                  opportunity;

         (b)      the Buyer has made, and relies on, its own searches,
                  investigations and enquiries in respect of the business or the
                  assets of the Company;

         (c)      the Buyer has had independent legal, financial and technical
                  advice relating to the purchase of the assets and the business
                  of the Company and to the terms of this document and to the
                  documents to be executed pursuant to it;

         (d)      the Buyer is an expert in the leasing of seismic equipment;

         (e)      the Buyer has extensive knowledge and experience in matters in
                  the oil field seismic exploration industry;

         (f)      the Buyer has made and is relying on its own independent
                  investigation, analysis and evaluation of the information
                  provided by the Seller and of other information which it
                  considers relevant; and

         (g)      the Buyer has satisfied itself in relation to matters
                  revealed, or which should have been revealed had reasonable
                  care and due diligence been exercised, by its inquiries,
                  investigation, analysis and evaluation.

5.14     BUYER NOT AWARE OF A WARRANTY BREACH

         At the date of this document, the Buyer does not know of, or have any
         ground to suspect, anything which may be, or would with the lapse of
         time or giving of notice, or both, be likely to become, a breach of any
         Warranty.

6.       TERMINATION

6.1      BREACH

         If a party breaches a provision of this document, the other party may
         give notice in writing to the party in breach requiring it to remedy
         the breach.

6.2      NOTICE OF TERMINATION

         (a)      If the party in breach has not remedied the matter in
                  accordance with clause 6.1 within 14 days of a party receiving
                  such a notice, or if the breach is not capable of remedy (in
                  which case no notice is required), the other party may,
                  without affecting any other of its rights or remedies,
                  terminate this document by written notice.
<PAGE>

         (b)      The Seller may terminate this document by written notice at
                  any time, with immediate effect from the date of service of
                  the notice. For the avoidance of doubt, exercise of this right
                  will not constitute a breach by the Seller of clause 3.1.

6.3      SURVIVING CLAUSES

         The provisions of clauses 1 and 6 to 12 will survive termination of
         this document. Termination will not affect any rights or remedies
         accruing prior to termination.

6.4      DEPOSIT

         Upon termination prior to Completion, the deposit of $100,000 shall be
         refunded to the Buyer as soon as practicable.

7.       CONFIDENTIALITY AND DISCLOSURES

7.1      CONFIDENTIALITY

         The following definitions apply in this clause 7.

         "DISCLOSING PARTY" means the party giving information.

         "RECEIVING PARTY" means the party to whom information is given.

         "CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION" means any written or oral information of a
         technical, business or financial nature which:

         (a)      is taken by any provision of this document to be Confidential
                  Information; or

         (b)      the Disclosing Party makes the Receiving Party aware is
                  considered by the Disclosing Party to be confidential and
                  proprietary,

         but does not include information which the Receiving Party can
         establish:

         (c)      was in the public domain when it was given to the Receiving
                  Party;

         (d)      becomes, after being given to the Receiving Party, part of the
                  public domain, except through disclosure contrary to this
                  document;

         (e)      was in the Receiving Party's possession when it was given to
                  the Receiving Party and was not otherwise acquired from the
                  Disclosing Party directly or indirectly; or

         (f)      was lawfully received from another person having the
                  unrestricted legal right to disclose that information without
                  requiring the maintenance of confidentiality.

7.2      OBLIGATIONS OF CONFIDENTIALITY

         Except as permitted by clause 7.3, the Receiving Party must not:

         (a)      disclose Confidential Information directly or indirectly in
                  any form to anyone else;

         (b)      use or make a copy of any Confidential Information except to:


<PAGE>

                  (i)    acquire or check information in connection with this
                         document and the transactions contemplated by it; or

                  (ii)   perform any of its obligations under this document or
                         in relation to any of the transactions contemplated by
                         it.

7.3      EXCEPTIONS TO OBLIGATIONS OF CONFIDENTIALITY

         The obligations in clause 7.2 do not apply to a Receiving Party where:

         (a)      the Disclosing Party has first agreed in writing to the
                  particular disclosure, use, or copying;

         (b)      the information is disclosed to a professional adviser, banker
                  or financial adviser of the Receiving Party or to a person
                  whose consent is required under this document or for a
                  transaction contemplated by it, and that person undertakes to
                  the Disclosing Party:

                  (i)    not to disclose any of the Confidential Information in
                         any form to anyone else; and

                  (ii)   only to use the Confidential Information for the
                         purposes of advising the Receiving Party or financing
                         the Receiving Party or considering whether to give that
                         consent (as the case may be); or

         (c)      the Receiving Party is required by law to disclose any
                  Confidential Information, promptly gives notice to the
                  Disclosing Party of that requirement and discloses only that
                  portion of the Confidential Information which it is legally
                  required to disclose.

7.4      RETURN OF CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION

         If Completion does not occur on or before the Completion Date, a
         Receiving Party must immediately:

         (a)      deliver to the Disclosing Party all documents and other
                  materials containing, recording or referring to Confidential
                  Information which are in its possession, power or control; and

         (b)      ensure that any person who receives the Confidential
                  Information by the Receiving Party's authority returns the
                  Confidential Information (in any form in which it is held) to
                  the Disclosing Party.

         The obligations imposed by this clause survive termination of this
         document.

7.5      WARRANTIES

         The Disclosing Party warrants to the Receiving Party in relation to the
         Confidential Information that it discloses that to its knowledge:

         (a)      it has the right to disclose that Confidential Information to
                  the Receiving Party;


<PAGE>

         (b)      it has the right to authorise the Receiving Party to use that
                  Confidential Information as permitted by this document; and

         (c)      there is no competing claim of title or intellectual property
                  infringement relating to the use of that Confidential
                  Information.

7.6      DISCLOSURE BY COMPANY

         If the Company discloses information to the Buyer the Company is taken
         to be a Disclosing Party, and the Seller enters this clause on its own
         behalf and as agent of and trustee for the Company, which may enforce
         this clause against the Buyer in consideration of the disclosure made.
         The obligations of the Buyer under this clause end on Completion.

7.7      CONFIDENTIALITY OF THE AGREEMENT

         Each party must treat the existence and terms of this document
         confidentially and no announcement or communication relating to the
         negotiations of the parties or the existence, subject matter or terms
         of this document may be made or authorised by a party unless:

         (a)      the other parties have first given their written approval;

         (b)      the disclosure is to the party's employees, consultants,
                  professional advisers, bankers, financial advisers or
                  financiers or to a person whose consent is required under this
                  document or for a transaction contemplated by it and those
                  persons undertake to keep confidential any information so
                  disclosed; or

         (c)      the disclosure is made to the extent reasonably needed to
                  comply with any applicable law or requirement of any
                  Government Agency or regulatory body (including any relevant
                  stock exchange).

8.       SELLER'S CONTINUING RIGHT TO ACCESS DOCUMENTS

         The Buyer must:

         (a)      allow the Seller, and any person appointed by the Seller, at
                  any time, including any time in the future, during normal
                  business hours, to inspect and copy all documents, records,
                  correspondence, accounts and other information whatsoever
                  relating to the SSI Contract; and

         (b)      procure Paul Duncan and any employee of the Company to provide
                  all reasonable assistance to the Seller or any related party
                  of the Seller, in responding to any requests for information
                  relating to the SSI Contract.

            The Seller will reimburse the Buyer for all reasonable actual costs
            incurred by it in complying with the Buyer's obligation under this
            clause 8. For the purposes of this clause 8, the Buyer's reasonable
            actual costs will be taken to include a reasonable proportion of the
            wages of Paul Duncan or any other employees of the Company who may
            be required to assist the Seller.


<PAGE>

9.       COSTS AND STAMP DUTY

9.1      COSTS GENERALLY

         Except to the extent specified in clause 9.2 and 12.6, each party must
         bear and is responsible for its own costs in connection with the
         preparation, execution, Completion and carrying into effect of this
         document.

9.2      STAMP DUTY GENERALLY

         The Buyer must bear and is responsible for all stamp duty on or in
         respect of:

         (a)      this document;

         (b)      the sale, purchase, assignment or transfer of any property
                  under this document; and

         (c)      any instrument or transaction contemplated by this document.

10.      NOTICES

10.1     HOW TO GIVE A NOTICE

         A notice, consent or other communication under this document is only
         effective if it is:

         (a)      in writing, signed by or on behalf of the person giving it;

         (b)      addressed to the person to whom it is to be given; and

         (c)      either:

                  (i)    delivered or sent by pre-paid mail (by airmail, if the
                         addressee is overseas) to that person's address; or

                  (ii)   sent by fax to that person's fax number and the machine
                         from which it is sent produces a report that states
                         that it was sent in full.

10.2     WHEN A NOTICE IS GIVEN

         A notice, consent or other communication that complies with this clause
         is regarded as given and received:

         (a)      if it is delivered or sent by fax:

                  (i)    by 5.00 pm (local time in the place of receipt) on a
                         Business Day - on that day; or

                  (ii)   after 5.00 pm (local time in the place of receipt) on a
                         Business Day, or on a day that is not a Business Day -
                         on the next Business Day; and
<PAGE>

         (b)      if it is sent by mail:

                  (i)    within Australia - 3 Business Days after posting; or

                  (ii)   to or from a place outside Australia - 7 Business Days
                         after posting.

10.3     ADDRESS FOR NOTICES

         A person's address and fax number are those set out below, or as the
         person notifies the sender:

         SELLER
         Address:       108 Marine Terrace
                        FREMANTLE  WA  6160
         Fax number:    (08) 9430 5901
         Attention:     Company Secretary

         BUYER
         Address:       PO Box 1175, Huntsville
                        TEXAS, 77342-1175, USA
         Fax number:    936-291-2277
         Attention:     Chief Financial Officer

11.      AMENDMENT AND ASSIGNMENT

11.1     AMENDMENT

         This document can only be amended, supplemented, replaced or novated by
         another document signed by the parties.

11.2     ASSIGNMENT

         Before Completion, a party may only dispose of, declare a trust over or
         otherwise create an interest in its rights under this document with the
         consent of each other party.

12.      GENERAL

12.1     GOVERNING LAW

         (a)      This document is governed by the law in force in Western
                  Australia.

         (b)      Each party submits to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the
                  courts exercising jurisdiction in Western Australia, and any
                  court that may hear appeals from any of those courts, for any
                  proceedings in connection with this document, and waives any
                  right it might have to claim that those courts are an
                  inconvenient forum.

12.2     GIVING EFFECT TO THIS DOCUMENT

         Each party must do anything (including execute any document), and must
         ensure that its employees and agents do anything (including execute any
         document), that the other party may reasonably require to give full
         effect to this document.


<PAGE>

12.3     WAIVER OF RIGHTS

         A right may only be waived in writing, signed by the party giving the
         waiver, and:

         (a)      no other conduct of a party (including a failure to exercise,
                  or delay in exercising, the right) operates as a waiver of the
                  right or otherwise prevents the exercise of the right;

         (b)      a waiver of a right on one or more occasions does not operate
                  as a waiver of that right if it arises again; and

         (c)      the exercise of a right does not prevent any further exercise
                  of that right or of any other right.

12.4     OPERATION OF THIS DOCUMENT

         (a)      This document contains the entire agreement between the
                  parties about its subject matter. Any previous understanding,
                  agreement, representation or warranty relating to that subject
                  matter is replaced by this document and has no further effect.
                  For the avoidance of doubt, the Buyer has undertaken its own
                  due diligence and enquiries prior to entry into this document
                  and relies on no representations or warranties of the Seller
                  or Nautronix Asia Pacific Pte Limited except as set out in
                  clause 5.1.

         (b)      Any right that a person may have under this document is in
                  addition to, and does not replace or limit, any other right
                  that the person may have.

         (c)      Any provision of this document which is unenforceable or
                  partly unenforceable is, where possible, to be severed to the
                  extent necessary to make this document enforceable, unless
                  this would materially change the intended effect of this
                  document.

12.5     OPERATION OF INDEMNITIES

         (a)      Each indemnity in this document survives the expiry or
                  termination of this document.

         (b)      A party may recover a payment under an indemnity in this
                  document before it makes the payment.

12.6     GST

         (a)      Subject to paragraphs (b) to (e) of this clause 12.6, the
                  consideration for any supply under or as contemplated by this
                  document is exclusive of GST. The Buyer is responsible for
                  payment of that GST and indemnifies the Seller (on a full
                  indemnity basis) in respect of any such amount.

         (b)      If a payment to satisfy a claim or a right to claim under or
                  in connection with this document (for example, for misleading
                  or deceptive conduct or for misrepresentation or for a breach
                  of any Warranty or warranty of the Buyer or for indemnity or
                  for reimbursement of any expense) gives rise to a liability to
                  pay
<PAGE>

                  GST, the payer must pay, and indemnify the payee on demand
                  against, the amount of that GST.

         (c)      If a party has a claim under or in connection with this
                  document for a cost on which that party must pay GST, the
                  claim is for the cost plus all GST (except any GST for which
                  that party is entitled to an input tax credit).

         (d)      If a party has a claim under or in connection with this
                  document whose amount depends on actual or estimated revenue
                  or which is for a loss of revenue, revenue must be calculated
                  without including any amount received or receivable as
                  reimbursement for GST (whether that amount is separate or
                  included as part of a larger amount).

         (e)      The supply of the NIXAP Equipment is GST free and the Buyer is
                  under no obligation to pay GST (whether to the Seller,
                  Nautronix Asia Pacific Pte Limited or any other person) in
                  respect of that supply.

12.7     CONSENTS

         Where this document contemplates that a party may agree or consent to
         something (however it is described), that party may:

         (a)      agree or consent, or not agree or consent, in its absolute
                  discretion; and

         (b)      agree or consent subject to conditions,

         unless this document expressly contemplates otherwise.

12.8     NO MERGER

         No provision of this document:

         (a)      merges on or by virtue of Completion; or

         (b)      is in any way modified, discharged or prejudiced by reason of
                  any investigations made or information acquired by or on
                  behalf of the Buyer or by any of the conditions specified in
                  clause 3.1 being waived.

12.9     COUNTERPARTS

         This document may be executed in counterparts.

12.10    ATTORNEYS

         Each person who executes this document on behalf of a party under a
         power of attorney declares that he or she is not aware of any fact or
         circumstance that might affect his or her authority to do so under that
         power of attorney.

13.      TND

         The Buyer acknowledges that the Company is liable for any potential
         liability for TND and any amounts incurred or surrendered by the
         Company in relation to that amount.


<PAGE>

         Subject to Completion having occurred, the Buyer indemnifies the Seller
         on a full indemnity basis for any Loss or Claim of or against the
         Seller in respect of:

         (a)      any liability for TND or any amounts incurred or surrendered
                  in relation to that amount; and

         (b)      any breach of this clause by the Buyer.

<PAGE>

                                   SCHEDULE 1

                                   (Clause 5)

                                   DISCLOSURES



Any disclosure in this Schedule 1 limits each Warranty in Schedule 2.

1.       Non-exclusive licence with respect to part of the premises at Unit 3,
         12 Archimedes Street, Darra, Queensland, granted by Seismic Supply
         International Pty Ltd ACN 010 993 736 to the Company pursuant to a
         licence arrangement dated 30 November 2002, a copy of which has been
         provided to the Buyer prior to entry into this contract.

2.       The contract dated 23 July 1997 between Seismic Supply International
         Pty Ltd ("SSI")and SeaBeam Instruments Inc (now Harris Acoustic
         Products Corp) ("SSI CONTRACT") (a copy of which has been provided to
         the Buyer prior to entry into this contract) and the subpoenas issued
         by a court in San Diego, USA and served on Nautronix Inc ( a wholly
         owned subsidiary of the Seller incorporated in California, USA),
         pursuant to which Nautronix Inc has been requested to provide various
         documents relating to the SSI Contract. Further, SSI was the
         contracting party as the SSI Contract was entered into and completed
         while the business of the Company was a division of SSI and not a
         separate legal entity.



<PAGE>

                                   SCHEDULE 2

                                   (Clause 5)

                               SELLER'S WARRANTIES

1.       THE SELLER

1.1      The Seller is duly incorporated and validly exists under the law of its
         place of incorporation which is Western Australia.

1.2      The Seller has full legal capacity and power to own the Shares.

1.3      The Seller is not insolvent and no receiver has been appointed over any
         part of its assets and no such appointment has been threatened.

1.4      The Seller is not in liquidation or administration and no proceedings
         have been brought or threatened or procedure commenced for the purpose
         of winding up the Seller or placing it under administration.

1.5      The Seller is not affected by an Insolvency Event.

1.6      The Seller is not entering into this document as trustee of any trust
         or settlement.

2.       DUE AUTHORISATION

2.1      The Seller has full legal capacity and power to enter into this
         document and to carry out the transactions that it contemplates.

2.2      The Seller has taken all corporate action that is necessary or
         desirable to authorise its entry into this document and its carrying
         out the transactions that it contemplates.

2.3      The Seller holds each Authorisation that is necessary or desirable to:

         (a)      execute this document and to carry out the transactions that
                  it contemplates; or

         (b)      ensure that this document is legal, valid, binding and
                  admissible in evidence,

         and it is complying with any conditions to which any of these
         Authorisations is subject.

2.4      This document constitutes legal, valid and binding obligations of the
         Seller, enforceable against the Seller in accordance with its terms
         (except to the extent limited by equitable principles and laws
         affecting creditors' rights generally), subject to any necessary
         stamping or registration.

2.5      Neither execution of this document by the Seller nor the carrying out
         by the Seller of the transactions that it contemplates, does or will:

         (a)      to the knowledge of the Seller, contravene any law to which
                  the Seller or any of its property is subject or any order of
                  any Government Agency that is binding on the Seller or any of
                  its property;
<PAGE>

         (b)      to the knowledge of the Seller, contravene any Authorisation;

         (c)      contravene any undertaking or instrument binding on it or any
                  of its property; or

         (d)      contravene its constitution.

3.       SHARES

3.1      The Seller is the sole legal and beneficial owner of the Shares.

3.2      The Shares comprise the entire issued capital of the Company.

3.3      The Seller has full right, title and interest in the Shares free from
         any Encumbrance or third party interest.

3.4      The Seller has not disposed of, agreed to dispose of, or granted any
         option to any person to purchase any of the Shares or any interest in
         any of the Shares.

3.5      There is no restriction on the sale or transfer of the Shares to the
         Buyer except for the consent of the directors of the Company to the
         registration of the transfer of the Shares.

4.       NIXAP EQUIPMENT

The following warranties contained in this clause 4 are made solely as at
Completion:

4.1      Nautronix Asia Pacific Pte Limited is the sole legal and beneficial
         owner of the NIXAP Equipment.

4.2      Nautronix Asia Pacific Pte Limited has full right, title and interest
         in the NIXAP Equipment free from any Encumbrance or third party
         interest.

4.3      Nautronix Asia Pacific Pte Limited has not disposed of, agreed to
         dispose of, or granted any option to any person to purchase any of the
         NIXAP equipment.

5.       LAST ACCOUNTS

5.1      To the knowledge of the Seller, the Last Accounts disclose a true and
         fair view of the state of the affairs, financial position and assets
         and liabilities of the Company as at the Last Accounts Balance Date,
         and the income, expenses and results of the operations of the Company
         for the year ended on that date and were prepared in accordance with
         the Corporations Act and Australian Accounting Standards applied on a
         consistent basis.

5.2      To the knowledge of the Seller, the unaudited management accounts for
         the period 1 July 2002 to 30 November 2002 were prepared in accordance
         with the Company's usual accounting practices.

5.3      To the Seller's knowledge and belief, there has not arisen since 30
         November 2002 any item, transaction or event of a material or unusual
         nature likely to affect substantially the operations or results or
         state of affairs the Company.

5.4      No dividends have been declared by the Company since the Last Accounts
         Balance Date.


<PAGE>

6.       COMMITMENTS

6.1      To the Seller's knowledge and belief, there are no outstanding
         commitments of the Company for capital expenditure other than
         replacements and normal purchases of plant and equipment in the
         ordinary course of business.

6.2      To the Seller's knowledge and belief, other than as disclosed in
         Schedule 1, the Company is not a party to any material contract or
         material commitment entered into which is outside the ordinary course
         of business.

7.       BUSINESS

7.1      The Company is the legal and beneficial owner of all of its assets,
         which are free of any Encumbrance.

7.2      To the Seller's knowledge and belief, the Company holds all statutory
         licences, consents, authorisations and permits necessary for the proper
         carrying on of its business and the use of the Premises and they are
         each valid and subsisting. To the Seller's knowledge and belief, there
         is no fact, matter or circumstance known to the Seller that might
         prejudice the continuance or renewal of those licences, consents,
         authorisations or permits.

7.3      To the Seller's knowledge and belief, the business of the Company is
         conducted in accordance with all applicable laws, does not contravene
         any laws and no allegation of any contravention of any laws by the
         Company is know to the Seller.

7.4      To the Seller's knowledge and belief, all accounts, books, ledgers,
         financial and other records of whatsoever kind of the Company:

         (a)      have been fully and properly maintained and contain due
                  records of all matters required to be entered by any relevant
                  legislation and there has not been removed from them any
                  material records or information;

         (b)      do not contain or reflect any material inaccuracies or
                  discrepancies; and

         (c)      disclose a true and fair view of the trading transactions, or
                  the financial and contractual position of the Company and of
                  its assets and liabilities; and

         (d)      are in the possession of the Company.

7.5      To the Seller's knowledge and belief, there are no powers of attorney
         given by the Company in favour of any person which are still in force.

8.       ENVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE

8.1      To the Seller's knowledge and belief, the Premises are free of all
         environmental contamination, including without limitation, any patent
         or latent environmental contamination of the atmosphere, air, soil,
         sub-soil, ground water or surface waters within or adjacent to such
         premises.

8.2      To the Seller's knowledge and belief, there have been no orders issued
         which have not been fully complied with and cleared, investigations
         conducted or other proceedings


<PAGE>

         taken or threatened by any governmental body or other regulatory
         authority or threatened in writing by any person under any applicable
         environmental laws and regulations with respect to the business of the
         Company.

9.       INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY


9.1      To the Seller's knowledge and belief, all registered trade marks,
         patents, designs and copyright relating to the business of the Company
         are:

         (a)      legally and beneficially vested in or licensed by the Company;

         (b)      not presently being infringed;

         (c)      not subject to any licence or authority in favour of any third
                  party.

10.      LITIGATION

10.1     The Company is not engaged in any prosecution, litigation or
         arbitration proceedings. To the Seller's knowledge and belief, there
         are no such proceedings pending or threatened by or against the
         Company, nor are there any facts or disputes which might give rise to
         any such proceedings.

10.2     To the Seller's knowledge and belief, there are no disputes of which
         the Seller is actually aware which may or might give rise to such
         proceedings.

11.      INSURANCE

11.1     All risks, whether in relation to damage to property, personal injury
         or otherwise, and all of the assets of the Company of an insurable
         nature are adequately insured for amounts which would be maintained in
         accordance with prudent business practice and with a reputable and
         properly authorised or licensed insurer. To the Seller's knowledge and
         belief, there is no circumstance or fact known to the Seller which
         would lead to any contracts of insurance which cover those risks being
         prejudiced.

12.      TAXATION

12.1     To the Seller's knowledge and belief, the Company has duly complied
         with all obligations imposed by and provisions of the Tax Act.

12.2     To the Seller's knowledge and belief, the Company has duly complied
         with all obligations imposed under the Tax Act in relation to the
         quotation of tax file numbers by employees of the Company and the
         deduction by the Company of tax instalments where required under the
         Tax Act, including the guidelines under applicable privacy legislation;
         and the Company has not committed any offence in relation to the
         collection, recording, use or disclosure of tax file numbers.

12.3     The Company has filed all returns under the Tax Act for the income year
         and franking year covered by the Last Accounts and to the Seller's
         knowledge and belief, for all previous years, together with any
         applicable certificates, notices, declarations and any other lodgements
         whether mandatory or otherwise in the interests of the Company; to the
         Seller's knowledge and belief, all such returns were correct and on a
         proper basis, and to


<PAGE>

         the Seller's knowledge and belief, no dispute exists in relation to any
         of them, nor to the Seller's knowledge and belief, are there any facts
         or circumstances which might give rise thereto.

12.4     All Tax under the Tax Act for the income year and franking year covered
         by the Last Accounts and to the Seller's knowledge and belief, all
         prior income and franking years which has been assessed or imposed or
         which is deemed to have been assessed or imposed or which is lawfully
         assessable or payable by the Company has been duly assessed and paid.

12.5     To the Seller's knowledge and belief, the Company has not made a false
         or misleading statement to a taxation officer within the meaning of the
         Tax Act in relation to any income or franking year and there is no
         unresolved dispute with any Revenue Authority under the Tax Act.

12.6     To the Seller's knowledge and belief, all necessary information,
         declarations, certificates, notices, returns and any other required
         lodgements in respect of Taxes, other than Tax under the Tax Act, have
         been properly and duly submitted by the Company to all relevant Revenue
         Authorities in respect of Tax for all relevant periods up to the date
         of this agreement, and will continue to be submitted until the
         Completion Date. To the Seller's knowledge and belief, the Company has
         not made a false or misleading statement in relation thereto and there
         is no unresolved dispute with any Revenue Authority, nor are there any
         facts or circumstances which might give rise thereto.
<PAGE>

12.7     To the Seller's knowledge and belief, all Taxes, other than Tax under
         the Tax Act, which have been assessed or imposed or which are deemed to
         have been assessed or imposed or which are lawfully assessable or
         payable by or upon any member of the Company and which were due and
         payable as at the Last Accounts Balance Date have been paid or remitted
         to the relevant Revenue Authority by the Company.

12.8     The Company has not in the past 5 years paid or become liable to pay,
         nor, to the Seller's knowledge and belief, are there any circumstances
         by reason of which it is likely to become liable to pay, any penalty,
         fine or interest under the Tax Act or with respect to any Tax under
         that or other legislation.

12.9     The Company has not in the past 5 years suffered any investigation,
         audit, visit or written request for the production of information by
         any Revenue Authority and the Company has not been notified of or is
         aware of any proposed such investigation, audit, visit or request.

12.10    To the Seller's knowledge and belief, all credits and debits to any
         franking account maintained by the Company have been duly and properly
         recorded in accordance with the Tax Act giving rise to a franking
         account balance in conformity with the Tax Act, and there are no
         existing or pending statutory franking debits in relation to dividend
         streaming arrangements, on-market share buy-back purchases or
         otherwise.

12.11    The Company has not lodged an application for the determination of an
         estimated franking debit and no notice has been received or to the
         Seller's knowledge and belief, is expected at the date of this
         agreement that would give rise to a franking debit based on an
         estimated debit determination under the Tax Act.

12.12    To the Seller's knowledge and belief, all documents and records have
         been kept and maintained in compliance with the Tax Act including
         (without limiting the generality thereof) all records required in
         relation to the franking account balance of the Company and records
         necessary to permit the ascertainment of all information required in
         relation to capital gains and capital losses including net capital
         gains and net capital losses under the Tax Act.

12.13    To the Seller's knowledge and belief, the Company has not been a party
         to or has participated in any non-arm's length transaction that could
         be affected by the exercise of discretionary powers of the relevant
         Revenue Authority including (without limiting the generality thereof)
         transactions relating to trading stock, plant and equipment, securities
         or assets subject to the capital gains tax provisions of the Tax Act.

12.14    To the Seller's knowledge and belief, the Company has not been a party
         to or has participated in transactions or arrangements that could give
         rise to the exercise by the Relevant Authority of its powers under the
         Tax Act in relation to losses and outgoings incurred under tax
         avoidance schemes, or in relation to international agreements or
         schemes to reduce income tax, or any other discretionary powers of the
         relevant Revenue Authority under the Tax Act by virtue of which
         transactions or arrangements entered into by the Company may be
         re-opened, revised or given an interpretation different from that
         adopted by the Company.

13.      FILINGS
<PAGE>

13.1     To the Seller's knowledge and belief, the Company has filed all annual
         returns, resolutions, particulars, other forms, returns and documents
         as and where required to be filed or registered under the Corporations
         Act; to the Seller's knowledge and belief, such returns and forms were
         accurate in all material respects, and the Company is not liable to be
         struck off the register of companies.

14.      STAFF AND SUPERANNUATION

14.1     The Seller has disclosed to the Buyer in writing prior to the date of
         this document full and correct details of:

         (a)      the employees of the Company and the employment conditions of
                  all employees of the Group whose remuneration exceed $25,000
                  per annum; and

         (b)      all contracts of service or for services and letters of
                  appointment in respect of any employees of, or consultants to,
                  the Company which cannot be terminated on less than 2 months'
                  notice or where such contract has not been reduced to writing,
                  reasonable notice.

14.2     To the Seller's knowledge and belief, each of the contracts entered
         into by the Company with employees or consultants is enforceable
         against the parties to it and there is no party in breach of, or in
         default under, any such contract.

15.      BROKERAGE

15.1     No person is entitled to recover from the Company any fee or commission
         in connection with the purchase or sale of the Shares.

<PAGE>

                                   SCHEDULE 3

                                 NIXAP EQUIPMENT

Promax 2-D System

4 x NR 103 Units

3 x NDS 100 Units

4 x Aquarius Unit

Seistec 2000 Tester

388 Line Tester

2 x PSU - 6 Boxes

750 Seismic Strings

Bathy Echosounder

ELAC Multibeam Echosounder c/w HDP 4061

4 x NR109's



<PAGE>




EXECUTED as a deed



EXECUTED by NAUTRONIX LTD:


/s/Mark Alexander Patterson                   /s/Ross William Stuart
---------------------------------------       ----------------------------------
Signature of director                         Signature of director/secretary


Mark Alexander Patterson                      Ross William Stuart
---------------------------------------       ----------------------------------
Name                                          Name





EXECUTED by MITCHAM INDUSTRIES INC:


/s/Billy F. Mitcham, Jr.                      /s/P. Blake Dupuis
---------------------------------------       ----------------------------------
Signature of director                         Signature of director/secretary


Billy F. Mitcham, Jr.                         P. Blake Dupuis
---------------------------------------       ----------------------------------
Name                                          Name



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
