<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.26
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>dex1026.txt
<DESCRIPTION>PROMISSORY NOTE - MAY 1995
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.26

Mortgage Loan No
                  ---------------------

                                PROMISSORY NOTE

$15,140,000.00                                                         May  1995

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, without grace, the undersigned ("Maker") promise(s) to pay
to the order of MASSACHUSETTS MUTUAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY ("Holder"), at its
home office in Springfield, Massachusetts, or at such other place as Holder may
direct, without offset, in lawful money of the United States of America, the
principal sum of FIFTEEN MILLION ONE HUNDRED FORTY THOUSAND AND 00/100
                                                                       ---------

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
DOLLARS with interest thereon at the rate of ten and 35/100 per cent per annum
(the "Contract Rate"), in 18 successive monthly installments of principal and
interest, the first 179 installments to be in the equal amount of $141,331.00
                                                                              --

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Dollars each, due respectively on July 1 1995, and on the first day of each
succeeding month thereafter until and including May 1, 2010, with a final
installment equal to the entire principal balance then remaining unpaid, with
accrued interest thereon, due and payable on June 1, 2010 (the "Maturity Date").
If on the date for payment of the first installment interest has accrued for
more or less than one instal1ment period, the amount of the first installment
will be adjusted accordingly. At Holder's option and upon notice to Maker, all
payments shall be made by wire transfer of immediate federal funds or equivalent
to Holder's bank and bank account as specified in the notice.

Each payment received by Holder shall be applied in the following order:

     (1) First, to the interest due on any advances made by Holder under any
instrument which is a Loan Document (as hereinafter defined);

     (2) next, to the principal amount of any advances made by Holder under any
instrument which is a Loan Document;

     (3) next, to Late Charges (as hereinafter defined), attorney's fees or any
other amount due hereunder or under a Loan Document save for the amounts
described in (4) and (5) immediately below;

     (4) next, to accrued interest due hereunder; and

     (5) finally, to the principal balance hereof.

The monthly payments of combined principal and interest of this Promissory Note
are based upon a twenty-five(25) year amortization period, and all interest
accruing hereunder shall be calculated on the basis of a 360-day year consisting
of twelve (12) months of thirty (30) days each. Maker acknowledges that, since
the term of the loan evidenced hereby is shorter than the amortization period, a
substantial portion of the principal balance will be due on the Maturity Date.


                                                 Maker's Initials: /s/ JPD
                                                                   -------------

                                                                   -------------

                                                                   -------------

                                        1

<PAGE>

Promissory Note, together with accrued and unpaid interest thereon, is not paid
when due at maturity, whether on the Maturity Date or any earlier date as a
result of acceleration of this Promissory Note after default, then the amount
unpaid shall bear interest from the Maturity Date or such earlier date, as the
case may be, at the per annum interest rate (the "Default Rate") equal to the
lesser of (i) the highest rate permitted by law as of the date of this
Promissory Note to be charged on commercial mortgage loans, or (ii) the sum of
three percent (3%) plus the greater of the Contract Rate or the rate announced
by Chemical Bank, New York. New York, as its prime rate as of the Maturity
Date or such earlier date. The Default Rate shall continue until the first
occurring of the following: (i) payment in full of all sums due hereunder and
under the Loan Documents or (ii) reinstatement of the loan evidenced hereby
pursuant to statutory provisions requiring such reinstatement, but only after
the curing of all defaults and payment of all sums due hereunder.

Any and all instruments securing or executed in connection with the loan
evidenced by this Promissory Note including, without limitation, all deeds of
trust, guarantees, indemnities, pledges, master leases, security agreements *and
assignments of leases and rents are herein collectively referred to as the "Loan
Documents." Any instrument included within the term "Loan Documents" is herein
referred to in the singular as a "Loan Document." The term "Business Day" as
used herein shall mean day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which
national banks in California are not open for business.

Prepayment Privileges and Fees: Default Prepayment

     A. There are no full of partial prepayment privileges of the principal
amount due under this Promissory Note except as follows: Maker shall have the
right to make additional payments on account of principal, or to pay the then
outstanding principal balance hereof in full, on any payment date on and after
(but not prior to) June 1, 2002, provided that Maker gives Holder thirty (30)
days prior written notice of its intention to make any such prepayment, the date
thereof and the amount to be prepaid, and that Maker also pays, as consideration
for the privilege of making such prepayment, a prepayment fee (the "Prepayment
Fee") calculated as follows:

     1.   The amount to be prepaid shall be multiplied by the "prepayment fee
          rate." The "prepayment fee rate" shall be the greater of (a) one
          percent (1%) or (b) the product, expressed as a percentage, obtained
          by multiplying the excess, if any, of the Contract Rate over the
          market yield of U.S. Treasury issues which have the closest maturity
          (month and year) to the Maturity Date, as quoted in The Wall Street
          Journal published on the date for prepayment as set forth is Maker's
          notice of its intention to prepay, by the remaining term of the loan,
          expressed as a fraction, the numerator of which is equal to the number
          of days remaining from and including the scheduled prepayment date to
          and including the Maturity Date and the denominator of which is 365.
          Should more than on U.S. Treasury issue be quoted as maturing on the
          date closest to the Maturity Date, then the issue having the market
          yield which differs least from the Contract Rate will be used in the
          calculations. If The Wall Street Journal is not in publication on the
          applicable date, or ceases to publish such U.S. Treasury issue yield,
          then any other publication acceptable to Holder quoting daily market
          yields for U.S. Treasury issues will be used; and

*FFSE Escrow Agreement of even date herewith between Maker and Holder


                                                 Maker's Initials: /s/ JPD
                                                                   -------------

                                                                   -------------

                                                                   -------------

                                       2

<PAGE>

     2.   The product of the calculation made provided in (1) above shall be
          discounted over the remaining term of the loan evidenced hereby as of
          the date of prepayment to its then present value at the U.S. Treasury
          issue yield referred to in (1)(b) above, and such discounted amount
          shall constitute the Prepayment Fee hereunder and shall be paid by
          Maker together with the principal balance prepaid.

No Prepayment Fee shall be required to be paid on and after March 1, 2010

     B. Upon receipt of notice of intention to prepay, Holder, at its option,
may declare the portion of the principal designated in the notice from Maker
regarding the prepayment to be due and payable on the date set forth in such
written notice. There will be due with such principal portion accrued and unpaid
interest thereon in addition to all other amounts due under this Promissory
Note.

     C. If the maturity of this Promissory Note is accelerated by the Holder
because of the occurrence of an event of default, as provided herein, such
default and the resulting acceleration shall be deemed to be an election on the
part of Maker to prepay the loan evidenced hereby. Accordingly, there shall be
added to the amount due after default and acceleration the Prepayment Fee,
calculated as above and using as the prepayment date the date on which any
tender of payment is made, and Maker agrees to pay the same. Any tender of
payment thereafter made by or on behalf of Maker (including, without limitation,
payment by any guarantor or purchaser at a foreclosure sale) shall include the
Prepayment Fee computed as provided herein. In the event such default,
acceleration and tender occur prior to the time Maker may prepay the loan
evidenced hereby under Paragraph A above, there shall nevertheless be due and
added the Prepayment Fee calculated in the manner set forth in said Paragraph A
as though such prepayment privilege were in effect.

     D. The Prepayment Fee herein provided for represents the reasonable
estimate of Holder and Maker of a fair average compensation for the loss that
will be sustained by Holder resulting from the payment of any of the
indebtedness evidenced by this Promissory Note prior to the Maturity Date. The
Prepayment Fee shall be paid without prejudice to the right of Holder to collect
any other amounts provided to be paid under this Promissory Note or the Loan
Documents.

MAKER HEREBY EXPRESSLY (i) WAIVES ANY RIGHTS IT MAY HAVE UNDER CALIFORNIA CIVIL
CODE SECTION 2954.10 TO PREPAY THIS PROMISSORY NOTE, IN WHOLE OR IN PART,
WITHOUT PENALTY, UPON ACCELERATION OF THE MATURITY DATE, AND (ii) AGREES THAT
IF, FOR ANY REASON, A PREPAYMENT OF ALL OR ANY PORTION OF THE PRINCIPAL AMOUNT
OF THIS PROMISSORY NOTE IS MADE UPON OR FOLLOWING ANY ACCELERATION OF THE
MATURITY DATE BY HOLDER ON ACCOUNT OF ANY DEFAULT BY MAKER INCLUDING, WITHOUT
LIMITATION, ANY TRANSFER, DISPOSITION, OR FURTHER ENCUMBRANCE, PROHIBITED OR
RESTRICTED BY THE MORTGAGE, LOAN DEED, OR DEED OF TRUST SECURING THE PAYMENT OF
THIS PROMISSORY NOTE, THEN MAKER SHALL BE OBLIGATED TO PAY CONCURRENTLY WITH
SUCH PREPAYMENT THE PREPAYMENT FEE SPECIFIED IN THE FOREGOING PARAGRAPHS. BY
INITIALING THIS PROVISION IN THE SPACE PROVIDED BELOW, MAKER HEREBY DECLARES
THAT HOLDER'S AGREEMENT TO MAKE THE LOAN EVIDENCED BY THIS PROMISSORY NOTE AT
THE INTEREST RATE AND FOR THE TERM SET FORTH IN THIS PROMISSORY NOTE
CONSTITUTES ADEQUATE CONSIDERATION, GIVEN INDIVIDUAL WEIGHT BY MAKER, FOR THIS
WAIVER AND AGREEMENT.

                 Maker's Initials: /s/ JPD
                                   --------- --------- ---------


                                                 Maker's Initials: /s/ JPD
                                                                   -------------

                                                                   -------------

                                                                   -------------

                                       3

<PAGE>

Late Charge

If any regular monthly installment of principal or interest due hereunder, or
any monthly deposit for taxes, ground rent, insurance, replacements and other
sums if required under any Loan Document, shall not be paid at the place
required under this Promissory Note or Loan Document, as the case may be, by the
eleventh (11th) day of the month in which the same shall be due or by the
eleventh (11th) day after the due date for any payment other than the regular
monthly installment due under this Promissory Note. Maker shall pay to Holder a
late charge (the "Late Charge") of four cents ($0.04) for each dollar so
overdue in order to compensate Holder for its loss of the timely use of the
money and frustration of Holder in the meeting of its financial commitments and
to defray part of Holder's incurred cost of collection occasioned by such late
payment. Holder agrees to comply with Section 2954.5 of the California Civil
Code for any successor provision), as now or hereafter in effect, with respect
to the giving of notice prior to imposing a Late Charge. Any Late Charge
incurred shall be immediately due and payable. Nothing herein contained shall be
deemed to constitute a waiver or modification of the due date for such
installments or deposits or the requirement that Maker make all payment of
installments and deposits as and when the same are due and payable.

Waivers: Extensions

Maker and all endorsers and guarantors and any and all others who may at any
time be or become liable for payment of all or any part of this obligation
severally waive presentment for payment, demand, notice of dishonor, protest and
notice of protest, notice of acceleration and of intention to accelerate the
Maturity Date (except as provided below in the clause entitled "Notice and
Cure") and any and all lack of diligence or delays in collection or enforcement
hereof, and agree that Holder from time to time may extend the time for payment
of any sums due under this Promissory Note and grant releases to all endorsers
and guarantors hereof, and may release all or any portion of the properties
encumbered by any instrument securing this Promissory Note, without in any way
affecting the liability of such parties hereunder.

Default

Upon default in the payment of any installment of interest or principal as and
when due under this Promissory Note, or upon default in the performance of or
compliance with any of the other covenants or conditions of this Promissory Note
or any of the Loan Documents, both continuing beyond any time provided in this
Promissory Note for the curing of such defaults, then, or at any time
thereafter, Holder may, at its option and without notice; declare the entire
debt then remaining unpaid (including accrued interest and Late Charges
hereunder and any advances made by Holder under any Loan Documents) to be
immediately due and payable, plus the amount of the Prepayment Fee described
above, and Holder may include the amount of such Prepayment Fee in any
Beneficiary's statement, in any demand for (or answer to any request for the
amount of) full payment and in any bid at a judicial foreclosure or trustee's
sale under the mortgage, loan deed, or deed of trust securing this Promissory
Note. Additionally, upon the occurrence of any default(s), Holder shall have and
may exercise immediately and without notice any and all rights and remedies
available at law or in equity and also all rights and remedies provided for in
any of the Loan Documents.

This Promissory Note also provides that the unpaid principal balance hereof
after acceleration or the Maturity Date shall bear interest at the Default Rate.

The rights, powers and remedies of Holder permitted by law, equity, or contract
or as set forth herein or in the Loan Documents shall be cumulative and
concurrent, and may be pursued singly, successively or together against Maker or
the property mortgaged, pledged, encumbered or conveyed under the Loan Documents
at the sole discretion of Holder and to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Such rights, powers and remedies shall


                                                 Maker's Initials: /s/ JPD
                                                                   -------------

                                                                   -------------

                                                                   -------------

                                        4

<PAGE>

not be exhausted by any execution thereof and may be exercised as often. as
occaision therefor arises. The failure to exercise any such right, power or
remedy shall in no event be construed as a waiver or release of the same. Holder
shall not by any act of omission or commission be deemed to have waived any of
its rights, powers or remedies under this Promissory Note or the Loan Documents
unless such waiver be in writing and signed by Holder, and then only to the
extent specifically set forth therein. A waiver of a right in one event shall
not be construed as continuing or as a bar to or waiver of such right on a
subsequent event.

Maker further promises to pay upon demand all reasonable attorney's fees and
costs (including, without limitation, court costs and appraisal fees) incurred
by Holder in connection with any default under this Promissory Note and in any
proceedings, including all appeals, brought to enforce any of the provisions of
this Promissory Note or of the Loan Documents.

Notice and Cure

Prior to accelerating the maturity of this Promissory Note for default as
provided herein, Holder shall give Maker notice specifying the default and time
to cure such default as follows:

     1.   If the default is one which can be cured by the mere payment of money
          (other than a failure to keep in effect insurance required under any
          of the Loan Documents). Maker shall have ten (10) days from the notice
          of default to pay such money and to cure and eliminate the default;

     2.   If the default is one which relates to (i) the failure to have or keep
          in force insurance as required under any of the Loan Documents, (ii)
          insolvency or bankruptcy, or (iii) a sale, transfer or encumbrance of
          a direct, indirect, legal or beneficial interest in the Maker
          (including, without limitation, any direct or indirect interest in the
          owner of any legal or beneficial interest in Maker) or the property
          encumbered by the Loan Documents which requires the prior approval or
          consent of Holder under the Loan Documents, Maker shall not be
          entitled to any notice of default and time to cure and Holder shall
          not be obligated to give such;

     3.   If the default is one which cannot be cured by the mere payment of
          money (other than a default described in 2 above), Maker shall have
          thirty (30) days from the notice of default to cure and eliminate the
          default.

The notice and cure rights provided for herein are on the condition that the
failure of Holder to give any notice(s) required shall not result in the
imposition of any liabilities or penalties upon Holder. Further, the agreement
to give notice and opportunity to cure is personal to Maker and does not extend
to or vest any such rights in any other person or entity. Finally, nothing
contained in this paragraph shall prevent the imposition of Late Charges or,
with the exception of acceleration of this Promissory Note and the commencement
of foreclosure prior to the notice and expiration of the cure period provided
for above, the immediate exercise by Holder, whether before or after any notice
and cure period and without notice to Maker, of rights and remedies permitted it
hereunder or under the Loan Documents or under law or equity to protect or
realize upon the property encumbered by the Loan Documents or to protect the
lien of the mortgage, deed of trust, loan deed or other Loan Documents.

Limitations on Liability

It is understood and agreed that in any action or proceedings brought on this
Promissory Note or on any of the Loan Documents in which a money judgment is
sought, Holder will look solely to the real estate, security and other property
described in the Loan Documents securing this Promissory Note and the rents,
issues, income and profits therefrom for payment of this obligation and,
specifically, and without limitation, agrees


                                                 Maker's Initials: /s/ JPD
                                                                   -------------

                                                                   -------------

                                                                   -------------

* or a failure to pay on the Maturity Date all amounts due under this Note and
the other Loan Documents)

                                       5

<PAGE>

to waive any right to seek or obtain a deficiency judgment against Maker,
notwithstanding that nothing contained in this paragraph shall be deemed to
prejudice the rights of Holder: (i) to proceed against any party, including
Maker, with respect to the enforcement of any indemnity (including, without
limitation, the environmental indemnity provisions of the mortgage, loan deed,
or deed of trust securing this Promissory Note remedies available under any
Environmental Laws, or (ii) to proceed against any party, including Maker, for,
fraud or Material misrepresentation in connection with any affidavit,
certification, warranty or representation given by Maker or any general partner
of Maker in connection with the making of the loan evidenced by this Promissory
Note; or (iii) to recover any condemnation or insurance proceeds or other
similar funds or payments which under the terms of any of the Loan Documents
should have been paid to Holder; or (iv) to recover any tenant security
deposits, advance or prepaid rents or other similar sums paid to or held by
Maker or any other party in connection with the operation of the real property
(the "Property") encumbered by the mortgage, deed of trust or loan deed given to
secure this Promissory Note: or (v) to recover, with the exception of the
distributions described in the following sentence, any gross revenues from the
Property which have not been applied as follows: to pay any portion of the
indebtedness secured by the Loan Documents, to pay any operating and maintenance
expenses of the Property including, without limitation, real estate taxes and
assessments and insurance premiums for the Property, or to pay deposits into a
reserve for taxes, ground rent, insurance, replacements or other sums required
by the Loan Documents or approved by the Holder. Holder shall not, however, have
any right to recover any distribution made from the gross revenues of the
Property to Maker or any person having a direct or indirect legal or beneficial
ownership interest in Maker so long as (1) the distribution was made more than
ninety (90) days prior to the giving of a notice of default by Holder to Maker
in the manner provided under the paragraph herein entitled "Notice and Cure",
and (2) using generally accepted accounting principles consistently applied, the
projected gross revenues of the Property for the twelve (12) month period from
and after the distribution were sufficient in the good faith judgment of Maker
at the time of the making of the distribution, after taking into account the
projected expenses and obligations described in item (v) of this paragraph of
and pertaining to the Property for the twelve (12) month period after such
distribution, to pay all such expenses and obligations.

The term "Environmental Laws" as used in the foregoing paragraph shall include
any federal, state or local law, statute, regulations or ordinance, and any
judicial or administrative order or judgment thereunder, pertaining to health,
industrial hygiene or the environmental or ecological conditions on, under or
about the Property, as to date or hereafter amended.

Registered Note

This Promissory Note is transferable only on a note register of the Holder
hereof upon surrender of this Promissory Note for transfer duly endorsed, or
accompanied by written instrument of transfer duly executed by the registered
holder hereof or its attorney duly authorized in writing. Holder shall give
Maker prompt notice of any change of registered holder. The Maker shall treat
the party in whose name this Promissory Note is registered as the owner hereof
for the purpose of making payment and for all other purposes.

Usury

No amounts under this Promissory Note or the Loan Documents shall be due, paid
or collected from Maker if the result of such payment or collection would be to
cause the loan hereunder to be usurious under the laws of the State of
California. If, however, an amount is paid or collected which would otherwise
cause the loan to be usurious, such excess causing the loan to be usurious shall
be deemed a payment of principal and shall be applied against and shall reduce
the then outstanding principal balance of the loan by a corresponding amount,
and no Prepayment Fee shall be charged on any such excess amount applied to
principal.


                                                 Maker's Initials: /s/ JPD
                                                                   -------------

                                                                   -------------

                                                                   -------------

* or any of its partners

                                       6

<PAGE>

Notices: How Given

Any notice required or permitted under this Promissory Note or under any Loan
Document shall be given in Writing and shall be effective for all purposes if
hand delivered to the party designated below, or if sent by (a) certified or
registered United States mail, postage prepaid; or (b) expedited prepaid
delivery service, either commercial or United States Postal Service, with proof
of attempted delivery, addressed in either case as follows:

          To Maker:  Sunnyvale Residence Associates, L.P.
                     8100 E. 22nd St. North, Bldg. 500
                     Wichita, Kansas 67226
                     Attention: Jack P. DeBoer

          To Holder: Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company
                     1295 State Street
                     Springfield, MA 01111
                     Attention: Vice President and Managing Director
                     Mortgage Portfolio Department
                     Real Estate Investment Division

or to such other address and person as shall be designated from time to time by
Holder or Maker, as the case may be, in a written notice to the other in the
manner provided for in this paragraph.

The notice deemed to have been given at the time of delivery if hand delivered,
or in the case of registered or certified mail, Business Days after deposit in
the United States mail, or if by expedited prepaid delivery, upon first
attempted delivery on a Business Day.

A party receiving a notice which does not comply with the technical requirements
for notice under this paragraph may elect to waive any deficiencies and treat
the notice as having been properly given.

Miscellaneous

     A. All of the agreements, conditions, covenants, provisions and
stipulations contained in the Loan Documents (including, without limitation, the
"due on sale or encumbrance" provisions), end each of them, which are to be kept
and performed by the undersigned are hereby made a part of this Promissory Note
to the same extent and with the same force and effect as if they were fully set
forth in this Promissory Note, and Maker covenants and agrees to keep and
perform the same, or cause them to be kept and performed strictly in accordance
with their respective terms.

     B. In the event any one or more of the provisions contained in this
Promissory Note or the Loan Documents shall for any reason be held to be
invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, such invalidity, i1legality or
unenforceability shall not affect any other provision of this Promissory Note or
of the Loan Documents, but this Promissory Note and the Loan Documents shall be
construed as if such invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision had never been
contained herein or therein.

     C. Maker and Holder, by acceptance of this Promissory Note, hereby waive
trial by jury in any court proceeding brought under this Promissory Note or the
Loan Documents.


                                                 Maker's Initials: /s/ JPD
                                                                   -------------

                                                                   -------------

                                                                   -------------

                                       7

<PAGE>

     D. Time shall be of the essence in performance of all obligations of _____
under this Promissory Note and the Loan Documents including, without limitation,
the time periods provided for the curing of defaults.

     E. Headings and captions used in this Promissory Note are inserted for
convenience of reference only and neither constitute a part of this Promissory
Note nor are to be used to construe or interpret any of the provisions hereof.

     F. Whenever any payment to be made under this Promissory Note is stated to
be due on a date which is not a Business Day, the due date shall be extended to
the next succeeding Business Day and interest shall continue to accrue and be
payable at the applicable rate during such extension.

     G. If there shal1 be more than one (1) Maker of this Promissory Note, then
the obligations and liabilities of such parties as Maker shall be joint and
several.

     H. Upon any endorsement and transfer of this Promissory Note, the term
"Holder" as used herein shall mean and include only the endorsee and transferee.

     I. This Promissory Note shall be governed by the laws of the State of
California.

     J. This Promissory Note is secured by a Deed of Trust of even date herewith
covering real property and other property located in the City of Sunnyvale,
County of Santa Clara, California.

                                     SUNNYVALE RESIDENCE ASSOCIATES, L.P.
                                     a Kansas limited partnership Maker


                                     By: /s/ Jack P. DeBoer
                                         --------------------------
                                         Jack P. DeBoer,
                                         General Partner
                                         Federal Taxpayer I.D. Number 48-0979650

                            MAKER MUST INITIAL PAGE 3


                                                 Maker's Initials: /s/ JPD
                                                                   -------------

                                                                   -------------

                                                                   -------------

                                       8

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
