<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.57
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>g81580exv10w57.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.57 EMPLOYMENT CONTRACT WITH BRENT SANTHA
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.57


                              EMPLOYMENT CONTRACT


THIS AGREEMENT is made the  31ST  day of December 2002
                            -----

BETWEEN:       CONSOLIDATED WATER CO. LTD., a Cayman Islands company having its
               registered offices at Trafalgar Place, West Bay Road, P.O. Box
               1114 GT, Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands ("the Company")

AND:           BRENT JOSEPH SANTHA of P.O. Box 1114 GT, Grand Cayman, Cayman
               Islands ("the Vice President")

IT IS AGREED as follows:-

EMPLOYMENT

1.   The Vice President is engaged as the Vice President of Finance and
     Assistant Company Secretary ("the Capacities") of the Company for a period
     of two (2) years commencing on the 1st of January 2003, but subject to the
     extension provision set out in clause 19 and subject to the termination
     provisions set out in clauses 16 and 17.

REMUNERATION

2.   The Vice President's salary is fixed until the 31st of December 2003 at
     CI$75,000 PER ANNUM, payable semi-monthly in arrears, less deductions and
     other amounts which the Company is, by law, entitled or required to deduct
     from an employee's remuneration.

3.   The Vice President's salary shall be reviewed each January 1st by the
     Compensation Committee of the Company's Board of Directors ("the
     Committee") who may grant an increase but shall not reduce the Vice
     President's salary below the level set out in clause 2 hereof. The Vice
     President may receive an annual performance-based bonus at the discretion
     of the President of the Company.

4.   The Company will provide health insurance for you and your family, through
     the health insurance plan that is provided to the Company's employees from
     time to time, and will meet the full cost of premiums for the insurance.
     The health insurance will provide major medical coverage, and may provide
     other additional benefits at the discretion of the Company. You will be
     responsible for paying any deductibles or co-payments in accordance to the
     terms and conditions of the insurance provided by the Company.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                     1 of 6
<PAGE>


5.   The Vice President will remain a member of the pension plan that is
     provided for the Company's employees from time to time and the Company will
     make contributions thereto on behalf of the Vice President, as it is
     required to do pursuant to the law.

6.   Further, subject to any approvals of Government which may be necessary at
     the time at which the option is exercised, for each financial year during
     which the Vice President serves for the full year in the Capacities, on
     December 31st of each year the Vice President shall be granted an option to
     purchase, at the "Exercise Price", payable in cash in full on the exercise
     of the option, a number of Ordinary Shares which equals the number of US$
     which represents 0.25% of the net profit of the Company for that financial
     year.

     a.   The "Exercise Price" shall be the average of the closing market price
          of the Company's ordinary shares on last trading day of that financial
          year.

     b.   The options granted pursuant to this clause may be exercised by the
          Vice President at any time after they vest and before the close of the
          Company's business the day before the third anniversary of the date of
          the Auditor's Report on the Financial Statements for that financial
          year.

     c.   The options granted pursuant to this clause may not be assigned,
          transferred or otherwise disposed of by the Vice President without the
          prior written consent of the Company.

AREA

7.   The Vice President's work will be performed in West Bay, Grand Cayman. The
     Company reserves the right to transfer the Vice President to any other
     place of business which it may establish in the Cayman Islands.

RESPONSIBILITIES

8.   The Vice President must devote substantially the whole of his time and
     efforts to the Company's business and must use his best endeavors to
     promote the Company's interests and welfare.

     Except where such information is a matter of public record or when required
     to do so by law, the Vice President must not, either before or after this
     Agreement ends, disclose to any person any information relating to the
     Company, its business, its customers, suppliers or employees or any other
     confidential information of which he becomes possessed while acting in the
     Capacities.

9.   The Vice President must perform the duties commonly performed by a Vice
     President of Finance and the Assistant Company Secretary and also the
     duties reasonably required of and assigned to him and must discharge his
     duties in accordance with the directions of the President of the Company.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                     2 of 6
<PAGE>



10.  The Vice President must perform his duties under this Agreement during
     normal business hours from Monday through Friday inclusive (save on bank
     holidays) but he accepts that his duties, which include traveling on the
     Company's business both within the Cayman Islands and abroad, may, from
     time to time, require work to be undertaken outside normal working hours,
     and on Saturdays, Sundays and bank and public holidays. The Vice President
     further accepts that in the event that he is required to work outside
     normal working hours, he shall be deemed to be performing managerial and
     supervisory functions on behalf of the Company and no overtime pay shall be
     payable as the same has already been taken into account in the rate of his
     overall salary. However he may be granted extra time off in exchange for
     additional time worked.

     The Vice President must report to the President of the Company, diligently
     follow and implement all management policies and decisions, and prepare and
     forward in a timely manner all reports and accountings the President
     requests.

     The Vice President will not directly or indirectly engage in any activities
     or work which are deemed by the Committee to be detrimental to the best
     interests of the Company. Any involvement in other activities will be
     subject to the prior agreement between the Vice President and the
     Committee.

SICK LEAVE

11.  In the case of inability to work due to illness or injury, the Vice
     President must notify the Company immediately and produce a medical
     certificate for any absence longer than five working days. The Company may
     have the Vice President examined by a doctor approved by it. The Vice
     President agrees to submit to any medical examination which the Company
     requires.

     The Vice President will be entitled to up to ten (10) days sick leave per
     year with pay.

HOLIDAYS

12.  The Vice President is entitled, during every twelve (12) month period of
     employment to the following holidays:-

     a.   all public holidays in the Cayman Islands, and

     b.   four (4) weeks vacation at a time to be approved by the President of
          the Company.

REIMBURSEMENT OF EXPENSES

13.  All expenses for which the Vice President claims reimbursement must be
     within pre-approved budgets. Subject to this, the Company must reimburse
     the Vice President for the cost of entertaining the Company's customers and
     traveling on the Company's business on the production of the necessary

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                     3 of 6
<PAGE>


     vouchers or on the Vice President's proving to the Company's satisfaction
     the amount that he has spent for those purposes, even though he is unable
     to produce vouchers.

NON-SOLICITATION

14.  The Vice President must not at any time while he is acting in the
     Capacities or afterwards for a period of twelve (12) months after the
     termination of this Agreement, either on his own account or for any other
     person, firm or company solicit, interfere with or endeavor to entice away
     from the Company any person, firm or company who at any time during or at
     the date when his employment ends were employees or customers of or were in
     the habit of dealing with the Company.

COMPANY DOCUMENTS

15.  All books, records, notes, files, memoranda, reports, customer lists and
     other documents, and all copies of them, relating to the Company's business
     which the Vice President keeps, prepares or conceives or which become known
     to him or which are delivered or disclosed to him or by any means come into
     his possession, and all the Company's property and equipment are and will
     remain the Company's sole and exclusive property.

     If the Vice President's employment is terminated for any reason whether
     voluntarily or involuntarily or if the Company at any time requests, the
     Vice President must promptly deliver to the Company the originals and all
     copies of all relevant documents that are in his possession, custody or
     control, and any other property belonging to the Company.

TERMINATION

16.  This Agreement will end and, except to the extent previously accrued, all
     rights and obligations of the Company and the Vice President under it shall
     cease if any of the following events occurs:-

     a.   The Vice President dies; or

     b.   The Vice President is adjudicated bankrupt or makes any composition
          with his creditors; or

     c.   The Vice President gives written notice to the Company to terminate
          this Agreement at least three (3) months prior to the anniversary of
          this Agreement.

17.  The Company may by written notice end this Agreement with immediate effect
     if:-

     a.   The Vice President conducts himself in a manner which would justify
          dismissal in accordance with the Labour Law; or

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                     4 of 6
<PAGE>


     b.   Through physical or mental illness the Vice President is unable to
          discharge his duties for thirty (30) consecutive days, as to which a
          certificate by any doctor appointed by the Company shall be
          conclusive; or

     c.   The Company pays him a sum equal to one-quarter of the Vice
          President's annual salary as described in Clause 2, or as increased in
          accordance with Clause 3, for the year in which such termination takes
          place.

18.  In the event that the Company terminates this Agreement in accordance with
     Clause 17.c hereof:-

     a.   Any unvested options to purchase shares in the Company, as described
          in Clause 6, in respect of the financial year in which the termination
          takes place shall automatically vest on a pro rata basis proportional
          to the ratio which the period of employment up to the date of
          termination bears to the calendar year.

     b.   The Company shall remain obliged to keep all benefits, including but
          not limited to medical insurance and pension contributions, to which
          the Vice President was entitled as at the date of his termination paid
          and available to the Vice President for a period of three (3) months
          from the date of his termination.

EXTENSION

19.  This Agreement may be extended from time to time on terms and conditions to
     be agreed between the Company and the Vice President.

NOTICE

20.  Any notice to be served under this Agreement must be in writing and will be
     deemed duly served if, in the case of a notice addressed to the Company, it
     is sent by registered post or left at the Company's registered office, or,
     in the case of a notice sent to the Vice President, it is handed to him
     personally or is delivered to his last known residential address in the
     Cayman Islands.

     A notice sent by post will be deemed to be served on the third day
     following the date on which it is posted.

PREVIOUS AGREEMENTS SUPERCEDED

21.  This Agreement supersedes all prior contracts and understandings between
     the parties and may not be changed or terminated orally.

     No change or attempted waiver of any provision of this Agreement will be
     binding unless in writing and signed by the party against it is sought to
     be enforced.


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                     5 of 6
<PAGE>

CLAUSE HEADINGS

22.  Clause headings are included herein for convenience only and have no legal
     effect.

APPLICABLE LAW AND JURISDICTION

23.  This Agreement will be construed and the legal relations between the
     parties determined in accordance with the laws of the Cayman Islands and
     the parties agree to submit to the jurisdiction of the Cayman Island's
     courts.

     Whenever possible, each provision of this Agreement will be interpreted in
     such manner as to be effective and valid, but if any provision of this
     Agreement or the application of it is: prohibited or held to be invalid,
     that prohibition or invalidity will not affect any other provision, or the
     application of any other provision which can be given effect without the
     invalid provision or application, and, to this end, the provisions of this
     Agreement are declared to be severable.

EXECUTED by and on behalf of                    CONSOLIDATED WATER CO. LTD.
The Company by

In the presence of:-

 /s/ PETER RIBBONS                              /s/ FREDERICK MCTAGGART
------------------------------------------      -------------------------------
Witness - Peter Ribbins                         Director


EXECUTED by the Vice President of Finance
In the presence of:-


 /s/ LEANNE SANTHA                              /s/ BRENT SANTHA
------------------------------------------      -------------------------------
Witness -       Leanne Santha                   Brent J. Santha
                Chartered Accountant
                PO Box 1584 GT
                Grand Cayman

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                     6 of 6

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
