<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>doc3.txt
<TEXT>
<PAGE>


                                    EXHIBIT 2
                                    ---------

ARTISAN                    TOWER                             NEWS
COMPONENTS                 SEMICONDUCTOR LTD.

FOR  IMMEDIATE  RELEASE
-----------------------

Tower  Semiconductor  Enhances  Fab  2's  IP  Portfolio  With
Artisan  Components'  Industry-Standard  Design  Platforms

ARTISAN'S  PRODUCT SOLUTIONS OPTIMIZED FOR TOWER'S 0.18-MICRON PROCESS AND FAB 2
TECHNOLOGIES


MIGDAL  HAEMEK,  Israel  and  SUNNYVALE,  Calif.,  -- December 17, 2002 -- Tower
Semiconductor  (Nasdaq: TSEM; TASE: TSEM) has enhanced its Fab 2 IP portfolio by
licensing  industry-standard  design  platforms  from  Artisan  Components, Inc.
(Nasdaq: ARTI). As part of the agreement, Artisan will deliver a suite of memory
generators,  a  standard cell library and a complete set of general-purpose I/Os
optimized  for  Tower's  0.18-micron  CMOS  process.  These  platforms  will  be
available  to  Tower  customers  as  early  as  the  first  quarter  of  2003.
     "By  licensing  Artisan's  products, Tower can provide its customers with a
broad  selection  of  widely used, silicon-proven semiconductor IP," said Sergio
Kusevitzky,  senior  director  of IP and design services at Tower Semiconductor.
"The addition of Artisan libraries matches our strategy of helping our customers
to  shorten  design time, while minimizing risk and accelerating time-to-market.
Additionally,  Tower  will  gain  access  to  Artisan's  diverse  customer base,
improving  our  competitive  position  in  the  marketplace."
     More  than  1000  companies  around  the  world  license  Artisan's  design
platforms.  Tower's  advanced  0.18-micron  process  technology  coupled  with
Artisan's  state-of-the-art  design  platforms  can  provide  the  backbone  for
designing  and  manufacturing  a  variety  of  semiconductor  devices.
     "Tower's  focus on providing leading-edge process technologies and superior
customer  support  complements  Artisan's  commitment to deliver design products
that  are  optimized  for  the  latest  design  and manufacturing techniques. We
anticipate  that  this  powerful  combination  will  give  IC designers the best
possible  path  to  silicon,"  said  Neal  Carney,  vice president of marketing,
Artisan  Components.  "We are pleased Tower has selected our products to advance
its  technology  and  business  goals."
     Artisan will provide Tower with memory generators for single- and dual-port
SRAM,  one-  and  two-port  register files, via programmable ROM, the SAGE-X(TM)
Standard Cell Library and a set of general-purpose I/Os. Artisan's extensive set
of  views  and models of the industry's leading EDA tools are a standard part of
this  comprehensive  product  offering.

                                   -- more --

                                        7
<PAGE>

Safe  Harbor  Statement  for  Tower  Semiconductor  Ltd.
This  press  release  includes  forward-looking statements, which are subject to
risks and uncertainties. Actual results may vary from those projected or implied
by  such  forward-looking statements. Potential risks and uncertainties include,
without  limitation,  risks  and uncertainties associated with (i) conditions in
the  market  for  foundry  manufacturing  services  and  in  the  market  for
semiconductor  products  generally,  (ii) obtaining additional business from new
and  existing  customers,  (iii)  obtaining  additional  financing for the Fab 2
project  from  wafer  partners and/or equity partners and/or other sources, (iv)
any  failure  by Tower to raise additional funding by the deadlines set forth in
its  agreement  with  its  banks and/or a failure by Tower to reach an agreement
with its banks to extend the deadlines to raise additional financing in 2002 and
2003,  which  would  result in an event of default of Tower's loan agreement, in
which  event  the  banks would have the right to call the loans and exercise its
liens  against  Tower's  assets,  (v)  a declaration of default by Tower's wafer
partners,  financial  investors and the Investment Center of the State of Israel
should  Tower's  banks call the loans, (vi) satisfaction of all other conditions
under  the  agreements  with  the  Fab  2 equity and wafer partners, the Israeli
Investment  Center and Tower's banks, (vii) completing the construction of a new
wafer  manufacturing  facility,  (viii) successful completion of the development
and/or  transfer of advanced CMOS process technologies to be utilized in Tower's
existing  facility  and  in Fab 2, (ix) market acceptance and competitiveness of
the  products to be manufactured by Tower for customers using these technologies
and  (x)  ramp-up of production at Fab 2.A more complete discussion of risks and
uncertainties  that  may  affect  the  accuracy of these statements, and Tower's
business  generally,  is  included  in our most recent Registration Statement on
Form  F-2,  as  filed  with  the  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission.
SAFE  HARBOR  STATEMENT  FOR  ARTISAN  COMPONENTS,  INC.
This  press  release  contains  forward-looking  statements,  including, without
limitation,  the  availability of Artisan's single- and dual-port SRAM, one- and
two-port  register files, via programmable ROM, SAGE-X(TM) Standard Cell Library
and  I/O  Library  for  Tower's  0.18-micron  CMOS process as early as the first
quarter  of  2003.  These  statements  are  subject  to  various  risks  and
uncertainties, including, but not limited to, whether there will be technical or
other  difficulties  that  delay or prevent the availability of such 0.18-micron
library products; and market acceptance of such 0.18-micron library products. We
refer  you  also  to the documents that Artisan files from time to time with the
Securities  and Exchange Commission, in particular the section entitled "Factors
Affecting  Future Operating Results" in Artisan's annual report on Form 10-K and
its  quarterly  reports  on  Forms  10-Q.

                                   -- more --

                                        8
<PAGE>

ABOUT  TOWER  SEMICONDUCTOR  LTD.
Tower Semiconductor Ltd. is a pure-play independent wafer foundry established in
1993.  The company manufactures integrated circuits with geometries ranging from
1.0  to  0.18 microns; it also provides complementary manufacturing services and
design  support.  In  addition  to digital CMOS process technology, Tower offers
advanced  non-volatile  memory  solutions,  mixed-signal  and  CMOS image-sensor
technologies. To provide world-class customer service, the company maintains two
manufacturing  facilities:  Fab  1  has  process  technologies  from 1.0 to 0.35
microns  and  can  produce  up  to 20,000 150mm wafers per month. Fab 2 features
0.18-micron  and  below  process  technologies,  including  foundry-standard
technology,  and  will offer full production capacity of 33,000 200mm wafers per
month.  The  Tower  Web  site  is  located  at  www.towersemi.com.


ABOUT  ARTISAN  COMPONENTS,  INC.
Artisan  Components,  Inc. is a leading semiconductor intellectual property (IP)
provider.  The  company's  design  platforms are licensed to over 1000 companies
worldwide and provide IC designers with a common interface to a range of process
technologies  from  the  world's  leading  foundries.  Built  on  Artisan's
Process-Perfect(TM)  memory  generators,  standard  cell  and  I/O  libraries,
Artisan's  design  platforms  include  a  comprehensive  set of views and models
supporting  leading  design tools and methodologies. Artisan's worldwide network
of EDA, IP and design service partners extend the Artisan standard to a complete
set  of  system level design and integration solutions. Artisan is headquartered
in  Sunnyvale,  California. More information about Artisan Components, including
free  library  access  can  be  found  at:  http://www.artisan.com.

                                       ###

Artisan  Components,  Artisan  and Process-Perfect are registered trademarks and
SAGE-X  and  Flex-Repair  are  trademarks  of Artisan Components, Inc. All other
trademarks or registered trademarks are the property of their respective owners.


EDITORIAL  CONTACTS:

TOWER  SEMICONDUCTOR
PR  AGENCY  CONTACT       INVESTOR  RELATIONS CONTACT    CORPORATE
CONTACT
JULIE  LASS               SHELDON  LUTCH                 L.T.  GUTTADAURO
LOOMIS  GROUP             FUSION  IR  & COMMUNICATIONS   TOWER SEMICONDUCTOR
USA,  INC.
+1  (512)  457  9400     +1  (212)  268  1816            +1  (408)  557  2690
LASSJ@LOOMISGROUP.COM    SHELDON@FUSIONIR.COM            LT@TOWER-USA.COM
---------------------

ARTISAN COMPONENTS, INC.
Corporate  Contact       Investor  Relations  Contact
Claudia  Natalia         Joyce  Chowla
Artisan Components, Inc. Artisan  Components,  Inc.
TEL: +1 (408) 548  3172  TEL:  +1  (408)  548  3122


                                        9
<PAGE>

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
