<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.23
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>d04347exv10w23.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.23 SECOND AMENDMENT TO STOCK POOL II PROGRAM
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.23

                               SECOND AMENDMENT TO
                      ORTHODONTIC CENTERS OF AMERICA, INC.
                              STOCK POOL II PROGRAM

                                    PREAMBLE

         WHEREAS, on November 9, 2001, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Orthodontic
Centers of America, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("OCA"), merged with and into
OrthAlliance, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("OrthAlliance"), and OrthAlliance
thereby became a wholly-owned subsidiary of OCA (the "Merger");

         WHEREAS, OCA established the Orthodontic Centers of America, Inc. Stock
Pool II Program (the "Program") through which OCA may grant shares of its common
stock, $.01 par value per share ("OCA Common Stock"), to certain eligible
individuals (each such eligible individual, a "Participant") who are
OrthAlliance Affiliated Practitioners and who timely executed and delivered
either an Amendment to OrthAlliance Service/Consulting Agreement and Amendment
to Employment Agreement or OCA Business Services Agreement, subject to the terms
described therein;

         WHEREAS, all capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the
meaning ascribed to such terms in the Program; and

         WHEREAS, on July 11, 2002, OCA amended the terms of the Program to
extend the deadline for executing and delivering the required documents and to
modify how the principal amount of the Promissory Note is calculated (the "First
Amendment");

         WHEREAS, OCA desires to further amend the terms of the Program as set
forth herein (the "Amendment").

         NOW, THEREFORE, OCA hereby amends the Program as follows:

         1. Amendment to Timing and Conditions of Grants. Section 2.2(a) of the
Program as amended by the First Amendment is deleted in its entirety and the
following text substituted in lieu thereof:

                  "(a) For each Participant, 25% of the total number of shares
         of OCA Common Stock (rounded to the nearest whole number) to be awarded
         to such Participant under the Program will be issued to such
         Participant following each of the first, second, third and fourth
         anniversaries (each such anniversary date, a "Vesting Date") of the
         Applicable Date (as defined below) with respect to such Participant,
         if, and only if, the amount of Service Fees paid to OCA, OrthAlliance
         or their subsidiaries by the Participant and/or the PC owned by and
         employing such Participant during and with respect to the 12 calendar
         months immediately preceding that particular Vesting Date is at least
         90% (the "90% Minimum Target") of the amount of the Applicable
         Participant's Service Fees During the 12 Months Ended October 31, 2001.

                  For purposes of the Program, "Applicable Date" means: (A)
         November 9, 2001 (the effective date of the Merger) for each
         Participant who executes and delivers to OCA his or her Amendments or
         Business Services Agreement, a Participation Agreement and an Investor
         Suitability Questionnaire as provided in Sections 1.2, 1.4 and 1.5
         hereof by no later than 5:00 p.m. (Central Time) on September 1, 2002;
         and (B) for each of the other Participants, the last day of the month
         during which the Participant executes and delivers to OCA his or her
         Amendments or Business Services Agreement, a Participation Agreement
         and an Investor Suitability Questionnaire as provided in Sections 1.2,
         1.4 and 1.5 hereof."

         2. Amendment to Calculation of Original Principal Amount of Promissory
Note in Lieu of Shares. Section 2.3(a) of the Program as amended by the First
Amendment is deleted in its entirety and the following text substituted in lieu
thereof:


<PAGE>

                  "(a) Promissory Note. During the 30 calendar days ending on
         and including the first Vesting Date, a Participant may make a
         one-time, permanent election (as provided below) as to all shares of
         OCA Common Stock that the Participant may be issued under the Program,
         to receive, in lieu and full substitution of any and all shares of OCA
         Common Stock that would otherwise be issued to such Participant
         pursuant to Sections 2.1 and 2.2 of the Program, a non-transferable,
         non-negotiable promissory note from OCA or a subsidiary thereof
         selected by OCA substantially in the form and substance of the form of
         Promissory Note attached as Exhibit E hereto ("Promissory Note"), in an
         original principal amount equal to the product of:

                  (x)      the Applicable Stock Price (as defined below),

                  TIMES

                  (y)      the total, maximum number of shares of OCA Common
                           Stock that would otherwise be issued to such
                           Participant pursuant to Section 2.1 of the Program
                           (notwithstanding the vesting conditions set forth in
                           Section 2.2).

         For purposes of the Program:

                  o  "Applicable Stock Price" means: (A) the sum of (x) $1.00,
                     plus (y) the greater of $26.00 or the 10-Day Average
                     Closing Price, for each Participant who executes and
                     delivers to OCA his or her Amendments or Business Services
                     Agreement, a Participation Agreement and an Investor
                     Suitability Questionnaire as provided in Sections 1.2, 1.4
                     and 1.5 hereof by no later than 5:00 p.m. (Central Time) on
                     September 1, 2002, and (B) the greater of $26.00 or the
                     10-Day Average Closing Price, for each of the other
                     Participants.

                  o  "10-Day Average Closing Price" means the average closing
                     price per share of OCA Common Stock reported on the New
                     York Stock Exchange during the 10 trading day period
                     immediately following the date on which the Participant
                     executes and delivers to OCA his or her Amendments or
                     Business Services Agreement, and Participation Agreement
                     and Investor Suitability Questionnaire as provided in
                     Sections 1.2, 1.4 and 1.5 hereof."

         3. No Other Changes. Except as set forth in this Amendment, the terms
and conditions of the Program shall remain in place and shall not be altered or
amended, except by any further amendment to the Program made in accordance with
the terms of Program.

         4. Rules of Construction. Headings are given to the sections of this
Amendment solely as a convenience to facilitate reference. The masculine gender
when used herein refers to both masculine and feminine. The reference to any
statute, regulation or other provision of law shall be construed to refer to any
amendment to or successor of such provision of law.

         5. Governing Law. The internal laws of the State of Louisiana (without
regard to the choice of law provisions of Louisiana) shall apply to all matters
arising under this Amendment, to the extent that federal law does not apply.



                                       2


<PAGE>


         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned officer has executed this document
effective as of August 15, 2002.

                              ORTHODONTIC CENTERS OF AMERICA, INC.



                              By: /s/  Bartholomew F. Palmisano, Sr.
                                 ----------------------------------------------
                                       Bartholomew F. Palmisano, Sr.
                                       Chairman of the Board, President
                                       and Chief Executive Officer




                                       3



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
