<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.24
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>d04347exv10w24.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.24 THIRD AMENDMENT TO STOCK POOL II PROGRAM
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.24

                               THIRD AMENDMENT TO
                      ORTHODONTIC CENTERS OF AMERICA, INC.
                              STOCK POOL II PROGRAM

                                    PREAMBLE

         WHEREAS, on November 9, 2001, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Orthodontic
Centers of America, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("OCA"), merged with and into
OrthAlliance, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("OrthAlliance"), and OrthAlliance
thereby became a wholly-owned subsidiary of OCA (the "Merger");

         WHEREAS, OCA established the Orthodontic Centers of America, Inc. Stock
Pool II Program (the "Program") through which OCA may grant shares of its common
stock, $.01 par value per share ("OCA Common Stock"), to certain eligible
individuals (each such eligible individual, a "Participant") who are
OrthAlliance Affiliated Practitioners and who timely executed and delivered
either an Amendment to OrthAlliance Service/Consulting Agreement and Amendment
to Employment Agreement or an OCA Business Services Agreement, subject to the
terms described therein;

         WHEREAS, all capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the
meaning ascribed to such terms in the Program;

         WHEREAS, on July 11, 2002, OCA amended the terms of the Program to
extend the deadline for executing and delivering the required documents and to
modify how the principal amount of the Promissory Note is calculated (the "First
Amendment");

         WHEREAS, on August 15, 2002, OCA amended the terms of the Program to
extend the deadline for executing and delivering the required documents and to
modify how the principal amount of the Promissory Note is calculated (the
"Second Amendment"); and

         WHEREAS, OCA desires to further amend the terms of the Program as set
forth herein (the "Amendment").

         NOW, THEREFORE, OCA hereby amends the Program as follows:

         1. Amendment to Timing and Conditions of Grants. Section 2.2 of the
Program as amended by the First Amendment and the Second Amendment is deleted in
its entirety and the following text substituted in lieu thereof:

         "2.2 Timing and Conditions of Grants. Shares of OCA Common Stock
         awarded under the Program shall be issuable to Participants in four
         annual installments (subject to Section 2.3 and the other terms and
         conditions of the Program), as follows:

                  (a) For each Participant, 25% of the total number of shares of
         OCA Common Stock (rounded to the nearest whole number) to be awarded to
         such Participant under the Program will be issued to such Participant
         following each of the first, second, third and fourth anniversaries
         (each such anniversary date, a "Vesting Date") of the Applicable Date
         (as defined below) with respect to such Participant, if, and only if,
         subject to all of the other conditions set forth in the Program, the
         amount of Service Fees paid to OCA, OrthAlliance or their subsidiaries
         by the Participant and/or the PC owned by and employing such
         Participant during and with respect to the 12 calendar months
         immediately preceding that particular Vesting Date is at least 90% (the
         "90% Minimum Target") of the amount of the Applicable Participant's
         Service Fees During the 12 Months Ended October 31, 2001.



<PAGE>


                  For purposes of the Program, "Applicable Date" means: (A)
         November 9, 2001 (the effective date of the Merger) for each
         Participant who executes and delivers to OCA his or her Amendments or
         Business Services Agreement, a Participation Agreement and an Investor
         Suitability Questionnaire as provided in Sections 1.2, 1.4 and 1.5
         hereof by no later than 5:00 p.m. (Central Time) on October 1, 2002;
         and (B) for each of the other Participants, the last day of the month
         during which the Participant executes and delivers to OCA his or her
         Amendments or Business Services Agreement, a Participation Agreement
         and an Investor Suitability Questionnaire as provided in Sections 1.2,
         1.4 and 1.5 hereof.

                  (b) However, if the 90% Minimum Target is not achieved in the
         12 calendar month period immediately preceding the first, second or
         third such Vesting Date (each, an "Earlier Period"), but is achieved
         during the 12 calendar month period immediately preceding a subsequent
         Vesting Date (each, a "Later Period"), then, subject to all of the
         other conditions set forth in the Program, the installment of shares of
         OCA Common Stock issuable with respect to such Earlier Period will be
         issued following such Later Period. By way of illustration, if such
         target were not achieved during the periods preceding the second or
         third Vesting Dates, but was achieved during the period preceding the
         fourth Vesting Date, then the installment of shares for the second and
         third vesting periods would be issued after the fourth Vesting Date."

         2. Amendment to Calculation of Original Principal Amount of Promissory
Note in Lieu of Shares. Section 2.3 of the Program as amended by the First
Amendment and the Second Amendment is deleted in its entirety and the following
text substituted in lieu thereof:

         "2.3 Participant May Elect to Receive Promissory Note In Lieu of
Shares.

                  (a) Promissory Note. During the 30 calendar days ending on and
         including the first Vesting Date, a Participant may make a one-time,
         permanent election (as provided below) as to all shares of OCA Common
         Stock that the Participant may be issued under the Program, to receive,
         in lieu and full substitution of any and all shares of OCA Common Stock
         that would otherwise be issued to such Participant pursuant to Sections
         2.1 and 2.2 of the Program, a non-transferable, non-negotiable
         promissory note from OCA or a subsidiary thereof selected by OCA
         substantially in the form and substance of the form of Promissory Note
         attached as Exhibit E hereto ("Promissory Note"), in an original
         principal amount equal to the product of:

                     (x)    the Applicable Stock Price (as defined below),

                     TIMES

                     (y)    the total, maximum number of shares of OCA Common
                            Stock that would otherwise be issued to such
                            Participant pursuant to Section 2.1 of the Program
                            (notwithstanding the vesting conditions set forth in
                            Section 2.2).

         For purposes of the Program:

                  o  "Applicable Stock Price" means: (A) the sum of (x) $1.00,
                     plus (y) the greater of $26.00 or the 10-Day Average
                     Closing Price, for each Participant who executes and
                     delivers to OCA his or her Amendments or Business Services
                     Agreement, a Participation Agreement and an Investor
                     Suitability Questionnaire as provided in Sections 1.2, 1.4
                     and 1.5 hereof by no later than 5:00 p.m. (Central Time) on
                     October 1, 2002, and (B) the greater of $26.00 or the
                     10-Day Average Closing Price, for each of the other
                     Participants.


                  o  "10-Day Average Closing Price" means the average closing
                     price per share of OCA Common Stock reported on the New
                     York Stock Exchange during the 10 trading day period
                     immediately following the date on which the Participant
                     executes and delivers to OCA his or her Amendments or
                     Business Services Agreement, and Participation Agreement
                     and Investor Suitability Questionnaire as provided in
                     Sections 1.2, 1.4 and 1.5 hereof.



                                       2
<PAGE>


                  (b) Other Terms of Promissory Note. Principal amounts owing
         under the Promissory Note will bear interest from the first Vesting
         Date (except as provided in subsection 2.3(d) hereof) at a rate equal
         to the prime rate on the first Vesting Date (as reported in the Wall
         Street Journal or comparable reporting service selected by OCA) plus
         1.5% per annum. OCA may prepay all or part of the amounts owing under
         the Promissory Note at any time in its discretion without penalty. The
         Promissory Note will be non-transferable and non-negotiable.

                  (c) Election. A Participant may make such election to receive
         a Promissory Note in lieu of all shares of OCA Common Stock to be
         issued to such Participant under the Program only by giving written
         notice of such election to the Chief Executive Officer of OCA during
         the 30 calendar days ending on and including the first Vesting Date.
         Once such an election has been made, it may not be withdrawn, and such
         an election may not be made before or following such 30-day period, and
         may not be made during the 30 days ending on any other Vesting Date. If
         such Participant makes such an election, in accordance with such notice
         and timing requirements, such Participant will be issued a Promissory
         Note in an original principal amount computed as provided above, in
         complete substitution and replacement of all shares of OCA Common Stock
         to be issued to such Participant pursuant to Sections 2.1 and 2.2 of
         the Program, and such shares will not be issued to such Participant.

                  (d) Manner of Payment. Principal and accrued interest payable
         under such Promissory Note will be payable in up to four installments,
         as follows:

                           (i) the first installment will consist of principal
                  only (with respect to which no interest shall accrue), in an
                  amount equal to 25% of the original principal amount of the
                  Promissory Note, and will be payable, subject to all of the
                  other conditions set forth in the Program, within 15 business
                  days following the first Vesting Date (subject to the
                  conditions described in this paragraph below); and

                           (ii) the second, third and fourth installments will
                  each consist of principal and accrued interest, in an amount
                  equal to 25% of the original principal amount of the
                  Promissory Note and interest accrued on that payment of 25% of
                  the original principal amount since the first Vesting Date,
                  and will be payable, subject to all of the other conditions
                  set forth in the Program, within 15 business days following
                  the second, third and fourth Vesting Dates, respectively
                  (subject to the conditions described in this paragraph below).

         Each such installment will be payable if, and only if, the amount of
         Service Fees paid to OCA, OrthAlliance or their subsidiaries by the
         Participant and/or the PC owned by and employing such Participant
         during and with respect to the 12 calendar months immediately preceding
         the particular Vesting Date relating to that installment is at least
         equal to the 90% Minimum Target. However, if the 90% Minimum Target is
         not achieved in an Earlier Period (in which case the installment of
         principal and accrued interest relating to that Earlier Period shall
         cease to accrue interest as of the Vesting Date relating to such
         Earlier Period), but is achieved during a Later Period, then, subject
         to all of the other conditions set forth in the Program, the
         installment payable with respect to such Earlier Period will be paid
         following such Later Period in the same amount of principal and accrued
         interest that would have been paid following the Earlier Period (with
         no interest accruing thereon from the Vesting Date relating to such
         Earlier Period)."

         3. No Other Changes. Except as set forth in this Amendment, the terms
and conditions of the Program shall remain in place and shall not be altered or
amended, except by any further amendment to the Program made in accordance with
the terms of Program.

         4. Rules of Construction. Headings are given to the sections of this
Amendment solely as a convenience to facilitate reference. The masculine gender
when used herein refers to both masculine and feminine. The reference to any
statute, regulation or other provision of law shall be construed to refer to any
amendment to or successor of such provision of law.



                                       3

<PAGE>


         5. Governing Law. The internal laws of the State of Louisiana (without
regard to the choice of law provisions of Louisiana) shall apply to all matters
arising under this Amendment, to the extent that federal law does not apply.



                                       4

<PAGE>



         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned officer has executed this document
effective as of September 10, 2002.

                               ORTHODONTIC CENTERS OF AMERICA, INC.



                               By:   /s/ Bartholomew F. Palmisano, Sr.
                                   --------------------------------------------
                                         Bartholomew F. Palmisano, Sr.
                                         Chairman of the Board, President and
                                         Chief Executive Officer




                                       5


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
