<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.33
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>d04391exv10w33.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.33 AMENDMENT TO PALLADIUM SALES AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                            THIRD AMENDMENT AGREEMENT
                                       TO
                     PALLADIUM AND PLATINUM SALES AGREEMENT

         THIS THIRD AMENDMENT AGREEMENT (this "Amendment") is made and entered
into as of this 13th day of March, 2002, by and between STILLWATER MINING
COMPANY, a Delaware corporation, whose address is 737 Palladium Place, Columbus,
MT 59019 ("SMC"), and FORD MOTOR COMPANY, a Delaware corporation, whose address
is One Parklane Boulevard, Parklane Towers East Suite 1500, Dearborn, Michigan
("Ford").

         SMC and Ford are parties to a Palladium and Platinum Sales Agreement
dated as of August 13, 1998 (as amended by the First Amendment Agreement dated
as of October 27, 2000, and by the Second Amendment Agreement dated as of March
27, 2001, the "Original Contract," and, as the same may be amended from time to
time, the "Agreement"). Ford has requested and SMC has agreed to an amendment to
the Agreement to provide Ford with audit rights, and SMC has requested and Ford
has agreed to clarify by way of example the pricing of year-end deliveries, in
each case subject to the terms and conditions hereof.

         Accordingly, the parties hereto agree as follows:

         SECTION 1.        Definitions; Interpretation.

                  (a)      Terms Defined in Agreement. All capitalized terms
used in this Amendment and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings
assigned to them in the Agreement.

                  (b)      Interpretation. Headings in this Amendment are for
convenience of reference only and are not part of the substance hereof.

         SECTION 2.        Amendments to the Agreement.

                  (a)      Amendments. The Agreement shall be amended as
follows, effective as of January 1, 2002, upon satisfaction of the conditions
set forth in Section 3:

                  (i)      Section 4 shall be amended by adding a new Section
                  4(c) to read as follows:

                  (c)      Year-End Delivery and Pricing. The parties agree that
during the term of the Agreement, the price to be paid by Ford for actual
deliveries made by SMC to Ford during any calendar year shall be the pricing set
forth in this Section 4 for such Contract Year, and that the price paid by Ford
for the delivery made by SMC to Ford on December 31, 2001 was based on Contract
Year 2001 pricing and that the price to be paid by Ford for all deliveries made
by SMC to Ford during calendar year 2002, including the last delivery made
during December 2002, will be based on Contract Year 2002 pricing.

                  (ii)     A new Section 30 shall be added to read as follows:

<PAGE>

         Section 30.       Inspection Rights. During the term of this Agreement
and upon reasonable advance notice, Ford shall have the right, during normal
business hours, to send its authorized representatives to examine documents,
records, and materials in the possession or under the control of SMC as they
pertain to (i) quantity of production in Sections 3(a), 3(b), 3(c), 3(e) and
3(f) and (ii) the pricing of Metal under Sections 4 and 5. Ford's rights of
inspection will be subject to SMC's right to safeguard its own and its other
customers' confidential information and subject to Ford's agreement to keep all
nonpublic information confidential. SMC will make all commercially reasonable
efforts to separate pertinent information from other confidential information in
order to facilitate Ford's inspection. SMC shall maintain all pertinent books
and records relating to this Agreement during the term of this Agreement (and
any extensions) and for a period of two years following termination of this
Agreement. All costs and expenses of personnel sent by Ford to conduct any
inspection will be borne by Ford.

                  (b)      References Within Agreement. Each reference in the
Agreement to "this Agreement" and the words "hereof," "herein," "hereunder," or
words of like import, shall mean and be a reference to the Agreement as amended
by this Amendment.

         SECTION 3.        Conditions of Effectiveness. The effectiveness of
Section 2 of this Amendment shall be subject to the satisfaction of the
following condition precedent:

                  (a)      Agreement. SMC and Ford shall have each received a
signed counterpart of this Amendment, or a facsimile copy thereof, signed by the
other party hereto.

         SECTION 4.        Miscellaneous.

                  (a)      Agreement Otherwise Not Affected. Except as expressly
amended pursuant hereto, the Agreement shall remain unchanged and in full force
and effect and is hereby ratified and confirmed in all respects.

                  (b)      No Reliance. Each party hereto hereby acknowledges
and confirms to the other that such party is executing this Amendment on the
basis of its own investigation and for its own reasons without reliance upon any
agreement, representations, understanding or communication by or on behalf of
any other Person.

                  (c)      Binding Effect. This Amendment shall be binding upon,
inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by each party hereto and their
respective successors and assigns.

                  (d)      Governing Law. THIS AMENDMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY,
AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK UPON THE
SAME TERMS AND CONDITIONS AS THOSE SET FORTH IN SECTION 26 OF THE AGREEMENT.

                  (e)      Complete Agreement; Amendments. This Amendment
contains the entire and exclusive agreement of the parties hereto with reference
to the matters discussed herein and therein. This Amendment supersedes to the
extent inconsistent all prior commitments, drafts, communications, discussions
and understandings, oral or written, with respect thereto. This Amendment may
not be modified, amended or otherwise altered except in accordance with the
terms of Section 24 of the Agreement.

                                        2

<PAGE>

                  (f)      Severability. Whenever possible, each provision of
this Amendment shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid
under all applicable laws and regulations. If, however, any provision of this
Amendment shall be prohibited by or invalid under any such law or regulation in
any jurisdiction, it shall, as to such jurisdiction, be deemed modified to
conform to the minimum requirements of such law or regulation, or, if for any
reason it is not deemed so modified, it shall be ineffective and invalid only to
the extent of such prohibition or invalidity without affecting the remaining
provisions of this Amendment, or the validity or effectiveness of such
provisions in any other jurisdiction.

                  (g)      Counterparts. This Amendment may be executed in any
number of counterparts and by different parties hereto in separate counterparts,
each of which when so executed shall be deemed to be an original and all of
which taken together shall constitute but one and the same agreement.

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have duly executed this
Amendment, as of the date first above written.

                                  STILLWATER MINING COMPANY

                                  By: /s/ Francis R. McAllister
                                      ------------------------------------------
                                  Name:  Francis R. McAllister
                                  Title: Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

                                  By: /s/ Robert C. Lapple
                                      ------------------------------------------
                                  Name:  Robert C. Lapple
                                  Title: Vice President Metal Marketing

                                  FORD MOTOR COMPANY

                                  By: /s/ Pony Brown
                                      ------------------------------------------
                                  Name:  Pony Brown
                                  Title: Executive Director of Metals Purchasing

                                  By: /s/ Jeff Wellman
                                      ------------------------------------------
                                  Name:  Jeff Wellman
                                  Title: Executive Director of Raw Materials
                                  Purchasing

                                        3

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
