<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.8
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>dex108.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EMPLOYMENT AND SEVERANCE AGREEMENT - JACK ANDREW KEITH
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                                                    Exhibit 10.8

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                       Employment and Severance Agreement

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

1.0  Parties and Date

     1.1 Parties. The parties to this modified and restated employment agreement
(this "agreement") are Kitty Hawk, Inc. ("Kitty Hawk"), with its principal place
of business located at 1515 W. 20/th/ Street, P.O. Box 612787, DFW International
Airport, Texas 75261, with a fax number of (972) 456-2449, and Jack Andrew
"Drew" Keith ("Keith"), who resides at 9608 Windy Hollow, Irving, Texas 75063.

     1.2 Date. This agreement is dated and effective October 3, 2002.

2.0  Recitations and Acknowledgments

     2.1 Previous Employment Agreements. Keith has been employed by Kitty Hawk
since on or about September 1, 1999, and there is currently no written
employment agreement effective between Keith and Kitty Hawk. This agreement
supersedes, modifies and restates all previous employment agreements between
Keith and Kitty Hawk.

3.0  Terms of Employment

     3.1 Responsibilities. Keith will be Vice President and Chief Financial
Officer of Kitty Hawk, and Vice President of its subsidiaries, Kitty Hawk
Aircargo, Inc. ("Aircargo") and Kitty Hawk Cargo, Inc. ("Cargo"), and will be
subject to the direction of Kitty Hawk's President and Chief Executive Officer
and board of directors, but he will have authority commensurate with his
responsibilities and shall use his full working time and in fulfillment of his
employee and fiduciary duties will commit his productive time and exert his
efforts to the extent normally and generally expected of a full-time chief
financial officer of a corporation of the size and complexity of Kitty Hawk in
carrying out those responsibilities. Keith is expected to continue to be
involved in all of Kitty Hawk's business, and to play a major role in the
success of the entire enterprise. Both Keith and Kitty Hawk expect Keith's
responsibility, authority and compensation to be adjusted from time to time as
determined by Kitty Hawk's board of directors.

     3.2 Annual Compensation. Keith's basic annual compensation ("basic annual
compensation") shall not be less than $225,000.00, payable in equal semi-monthly
installments. His basic annual compensation may otherwise be adjusted from time
to time, and he may be paid other bonus compensation

Employment and Serverance Agreement                                       Page 1

<PAGE>

from time to time based upon his performance and the success of the Kitty Hawk
enterprise, all as determined by the board of directors.

     3.3 Fringe Benefits. Keith shall receive the employee fringe benefits that
are generally available to all Kitty Hawk employees, and such other fringe
benefits as may be determined from time to time by the board of directors.

     3.4 Medical Insurance. During his employment under this agreement and as
provided in P. 3.6B below, Kitty Hawk will provide to Keith at no cost to Keith
medical and hospitalization insurance coverage at least substantially equivalent
to the coverage that is now provided to Keith under Kitty Hawk's employee
medical plans.

     3.5 Proprietary information.

     A.   Keith shall while in Kitty Hawk's employ diligently safeguard Kitty
          Hawk's proprietary information; and when leaving Kitty Hawk's
          employment for whatever reason, shall surrender to Kitty Hawk all
          written or recorded evidence of Kitty Hawk's proprietary information,
          as well as all Kitty Hawk property, in Keith' actual or constructive
          possession.

     B.   After leaving Kitty Hawk's employment for whatever reason, Keith shall
          never disclose, disseminate or utilize Kitty Hawk's proprietary
          information unless Kitty Hawk's chief executive officer expressly
          authorizes the disclosure, dissemination or utilization in writing.

     C.   For the purpose of this agreement, the term "proprietary information"
          shall specifically not include: (a) information that is now in or
          hereafter enters the public domain without a breach of this agreement
          by Keith; (b) information Keith knew already prior to the time of his
          employment by Kitty Hawk; (c) information that is obtained, after the
          date of Keith' termination, by Keith from any third party that is
          lawfully in possession of such information, but only if such
          disclosure of information to Keith does not violate any contractual or
          legal obligation to Kitty Hawk on the part of such third party or does
          not breach a confidential relationship of such third party to Kitty
          Hawk; and (d) information required or requested to be disclosed by
          court order, subpoena, data request or other legal process or by
          applicable regulatory authorities; provided, however, that Keith
          provide Kitty Hawk with prompt written notice of any such request or
          requirement so that we may seek a protective order or other
          appropriate remedy.

     3.6 Termination. Both Kitty Hawk and Keith shall have the right to
terminate this employment agreement with or without cause at any time with
30-days' written notice to the other party.

Employment and Serverance Agreement                                       Page 2

<PAGE>

     A.   If Keith terminates the agreement without material breach by Kitty
          Hawk, Keith shall waive all rights to any compensation under this
          agreement that would otherwise have been payable after the
          termination. If Keith terminates the agreement without material
          breach, Keith agrees to deliver to Kitty Hawk a letter of resignation
          related to all positions Keith holds within Kitty Hawk, Aircargo and
          Cargo.

     B.   If Kitty Hawk terminates his employment without material breach by
          Keith prior to December 31, 2002, Keith shall be entitled as his
          exclusive remedies to (i) such portion of the basic annual
          compensation he would have received from the date of termination
          through December 31, 2002, payable when it would have been paid in the
          absence of such termination, and (ii) the medical insurance benefits
          provided under P. 3.4 he would have otherwise received through
          December 31, 2002 in the absence of such termination, plus (iii) three
          (3) months worth of his basic annual compensation, payable when it
          would have been paid in the absence of termination and (iv) the
          medical insurance benefits provided under P. 3.4 for a period of three
          (3) months after the date of termination. If Kitty Hawk terminates his
          employment without material breach by Keith after December 31, 2002,
          Keith shall be entitled as his exclusive remedies to (i) three (3)
          months worth of his basic annual compensation, payable when it would
          have been paid in the absence of termination and (ii) the medical
          insurance benefits provided under P. 3.4 for a period of three (3)
          months after the date of termination. If Kitty Hawk terminates Keith'
          employment for cause, he shall not be entitled to the remedies set
          forth in this P. 3.6B. If Kitty Hawk terminates Keith's employment
          without his material breach either before or after December 31, 2002,
          Keith agrees to deliver to Kitty Hawk a letter of resignation related
          to all positions Keith holds within Kitty Hawk, Aircargo and Cargo.

     C.   If because of disability Keith becomes unable to perform his duties
          under his employment prior to any termination, or if Keith dies during
          his employment under this agreement prior to any termination, Keith'
          shall rely on the proceeds of insurance policies covering his
          disability or death as maintained by Kitty Hawk as his sole remedy in
          lieu of the compensation set for in P. 3.6B above. If Keith shall
          become disabled or shall die after termination and during the time the
          severance compensation is being paid, Keith's estate shall be paid the
          compensation as set forth in P. 3.6B above.

4.0  Hiring of Kitty Hawk Employees After Termination. If Keith is terminated
     without material breach of this agreement, for a period of three (3) years
     after Keith's termination, Keith agrees that he will not attempt to
     knowingly hire, directly or by someone under his direct supervision and at

Employment and Serverance Agreement                                       Page 3

<PAGE>

     his direction, as an employee, independent contractor or otherwise, any of
     Kitty Hawk's officers or key employees, so long as such officer or key
     employee was not terminated by Kitty Hawk and such officer or key employee
     is still employed by Kitty Hawk.

5.0  RELEASES

     A.   Upon Keith' termination, in consideration of the severance provided in
          p. 3.6B above and other good and valuable consideration, the
          sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, Keith shall release, to
          the greatest extent allowable by applicable law, all claims against
          Kitty Hawk, its subsidiaries and each of their respective officers,
          directors, employees and agents, related to his employment and his
          termination, except for any claim of willful breach. subject to the
          preceding sentence, this full, final and unconditional release shall
          include, but is not limited to, any and all claims and causes of
          action whatsoever, whether founded on contract (except for this
          agreement), tort, statute, regulation (federal, state or local),
          common law, or any other theory or grounds, including but not limited
          to, any adminstrative claims, and claims under the Occupational Safety
          and Health Act, the Americans With Disabilities Act, Title VII of the
          Civil Rights Act of 1964 and Any Subsequent Years (Including, But Not
          limited to, the Civil Rights Act of 1991), the Older Workers Benefit
          Protection Act, the federal Age Discrimination in Employment Act, and
          any Discrimination On the Basis of National Origin, Sex, Race, Age,
          Handicap, or Marital Status, Breach of Contract, Breach of Any Other
          Employment agreement or contract, promissory estoppel, hostile work
          environment, wrongful discharge, sexual harassment, breach of covenant
          of good faith and fair dealing, harassment and or discrimination of
          any type, intentional or negligent infliction of emotional distress,
          wrongful termination, fraud, misrepresentation, defamation,
          interference with prospecive economic advantage, failure to pay wages
          or other monies owed.

     B.   Upon Keith' termination, Kitty Hawk shall release Keith of all claims,
          known or unknown, against Keith in connection with his obligations
          arising out of or in connection with this agreement, except

Employment and Serverance Agreement                                       Page 4

<PAGE>

     Such Release Shall Not Apply to Claims That are the Result Of KEITH'
     willful misconduct, including but not limited to undiscovered intentional
     breaches of prohibitions against the disclosure of the proprietary
     information of Kitty Hawk or either of its affiliates, or a commitment made
     to bind Kitty Hawk or either of its affiliates without apparent or real
     authority. nothing herein shall be deemed a modification of the
     indemnication provisions of Kitty Hawk's Certificate of Incorporation, and
     if a conflict arises between this agreement and the Certificate of
     Incorporation, the Certificate of Incorporation shall govern.

6.0  General Provisions

     6.1 Entire Agreement and Amendments. This agreement is the entire agreement
between Kitty Hawk and Keith with respect to the subject matter set forth in
this agreement and it merges and supersedes all former agreements, promises or
representations, whether oral or written, express or implied, that relate to
Keith' employment with Kitty Hawk. To amend this agreement, Kitty Hawk and Keith
must sign a written amendment that identifies by paragraph number the provision
that it purports to amend. No noncomplying course of dealing or waiver shall be
construed to amend this agreement.

     6.2 Construction. This agreement has been executed and delivered in Texas,
whose substantive law (excluding conflict of laws rules that might apply the
substantive law of another jurisdiction) shall govern its effect and
construction, except that Delaware corporate law shall govern the internal
affairs of Kitty Hawk and other corporate matters where applicable. No rule of
construction resolving ambiguity against a drafting party shall apply. This
agreement binds and benefits the parties and their respective heirs, personal
representatives, successors and assigns. Keith agrees that his obligations under
this agreement to protect Kitty Hawk's proprietary information are in addition
to Keith' implied obligations under Texas law, and that all of those obligations
may be enforced by equitable remedies, such as injunction, as well as by damages
resulting from their breach. If any provision of this agreement is invalid or
unenforceable, the remaining provisions shall nevertheless be enforceable.

     6.3 Notices. All notices hereunder must be in writing. Notices may be given
by mail, fax or other delivery to a party at its notice address, which is that
party's address in P. 1.0 unless that party has designated another notice
address by notice hereunder. A notice given by Federal Express or U.S. Express
Mail, fee prepaid, return receipt requested, addressed to the intended recipient
at its notice address, will be deemed given three business days after deposit
with Federal Express or the U.S. Postal Service. Any notice given by other means
will be effective only when received by the addressee.

Employment and Serverance Agreement                                       Page 5

<PAGE>

     6.4 Breach, Notice and Time to Cure. In the event that either party
breaches this agreement, the non-breaching party shall give the breaching party
written notice of such breach and the breaching party shall have the opportunity
for five (5) business days from the date of receipt of such notice to cure the
breach.

     6.5 Binding Agreement to Arbitrate Disputes. Any controversy or claim
arising out of or relating to this agreement, performance under it, or the
arbitrability of any claim between the parties, must be settled exclusively by
arbitration under the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration
Association ("AAA"); except that (i) P. 6.2 must govern applicable law and
construction, (ii) no arbitration demand or action upon a claim arising out of
or relating to this agreement or its performance may be commenced more than two
years after the cause of action accrues, (iii) the locale of any arbitration
must be Dallas, Texas, (iv) the arbitration shall be conducted by a single
arbitrator, which shall be mutually selected by both parties, (v) the language
of the arbitration must be English, (vi) any award must state the arbitrator's
material findings of fact and conclusions of law, (vii) a party may seek
preliminary injunctive or other equitable relief from any court of competent
jurisdiction only to preserve the status quo pending selection of the
arbitrator, (viii) the arbitrator may by interim or final award grant
declarative and injunctive and other equitable relief; and (ix) a prevailing
party in litigation to require arbitration or to obtain preliminary relief
pending selection of an arbitrator, in arbitration, or in litigation to confirm
or enforce an arbitration award will be entitled to recover its reasonable
attorneys' fees and costs. Any suit to require arbitration under this agreement,
or to enforce judgment upon an arbitration award, may be brought in any court of
competent jurisdiction.

                                        /s/ Drew Keith
                                           -------------------------------------
                                        JACK ANDREW KEITH


                                        KITTY HAWK, INC.



                                        By: /s/ Robert W. Zoller, Jr.
                                           -------------------------------------
                                           Robert W. Zoller, Jr.,
                                           President and Chief Executive Officer

Employment and Serverance Agreement                                       Page 6

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
