<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.31
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>p67609exv10w31.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.31
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                 EXHIBIT 10.31



                       (1)   INSIGHT DIRECT (UK) LIMITED

                               (2) STUART FENTON

                                   ----------
                           EXECUTIVE SERVICE AGREEMENT
                                   ----------
<PAGE>

                                    CONTENTS

CLAUSE                                                                      PAGE

 1.  DEFINITIONS ...........................................................   1
 2.  EMPLOYMENT AND JOB DESCRIPTION ........................................   5
 3.  COMMENCEMENT & CONTINUITY .............................................   5
 4.  DUTIES ................................................................   5
 5.  HOURS OF WORK .........................................................   7
 6.  REMUNERATION, BONUS AND BENEFITS ......................................   8
 7.  EXPENSES ..............................................................  10
 8.  SICKNESS ..............................................................  10
 9.  HOLIDAYS ..............................................................  11
10.  CONFIDENTIALITY .......................................................  12
11.  TERMINATION ...........................................................  14
12.  RESTRICTIONS ..........................................................  16
13.  INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY .................................................  18
14.  PERIOD OF EMPLOYMENT ..................................................  19
15.  GRIEVANCE/DISCIPLINARY MATTERS ........................................  19
16.  COLLECTIVE AGREEMENTS .................................................  19
17.  DATA PROTECTION .......................................................  20
18.  PRIOR AGREEMENTS ......................................................  20
19.  EMPLOYMENT RIGHTS ACT 1996 ............................................  20
20.  GENERAL ...............................................................  20

<PAGE>

THIS AGREEMENT IS MADE THE 12TH DAY OF SEPTEMBER 2002

BETWEEN:

(1)   INSIGHT DIRECT (UK) LIMITED a company registered in England with number
      2579852 whose registered office is at Weston Rouse, West Bar Green
      Sheffield S1 2DA ("Company"); and

(2)   STUART FENTON of 29 Penn Place Ricksmansworth Hertfordshire WD3 1QA
      ("Executive").

THE PARTIES AGREE as follows:

      1.    DEFINITIONS

      1.1   In this agreement the following words and expressions shall have the
            following meanings unless the context otherwise requires:

            "ACT"                           Employment Rights Act 1996;

            "CLAIMS"                        includes any claim based on any
                                            cause of action, whether in
                                            negligence, breach of contract,
                                            statutory or otherwise, for any
                                            remedy whether in the nature of
                                            financial compensation or
                                            restitution for any loss or damage
                                            which has been or may be suffered
                                            including damages (at law or in
                                            equity), costs, interest, attorney's
                                            fees or otherwise;

            "CLIENT"                        any person, firm, company or other
                                            entity which or who at any time
                                            during the 12 months preceding the
                                            Termination Date was


                                        1
<PAGE>

                                            a client or customer or was to the
                                            Executive's knowledge a prospective
                                            client or customer of the Company or
                                            of any other company within the
                                            Group and with which or whom the
                                            Executive shall have had dealings
                                            during such period;

            "COMMENCEMENT DATE"             The first actual day of employment
                                            with the Company, as agreed by the
                                            parties;

            "CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION"      the information and trade secrets
                                            referred to in clause 10.2;

            "FIRST PERIOD OF RESTRICTION"   the period commencing on the
                                            Termination Date and terminating
                                            twelve months from the Termination
                                            Date;

            "GROUP"                         the Company and any holding company
                                            of the Company and any subsidiaries
                                            of the Company or of any such
                                            holding company from time to time;

            "HOLDING COMPANY"               have the same meanings as are
             AND "SUBSIDIARY"               respectively attributed to them in
                                            section 736 Companies Act 1985;

            "HOLIDAY YEAR"                  from 1 January to 31 December each
                                            year;

            "INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS"  all existing and future copyright,
                                            database rights, registered designs,
                                            design rights, trade marks, patents,
                                            applications for any of the
                                            foregoing and all other intellectual
                                            property rights, in any part of the
                                            world, for the full term of such
                                            rights and any renewals and
                                            extensions thereof;


                                        2
<PAGE>

            "KEY EMPLOYEE"                  any employee of or independent
                                            contractor of the Company (or any
                                            company in the Group to which the
                                            Executive shall have, at any time
                                            during the period of six months
                                            preceding the Termination Date,
                                            provided any services) working in a
                                            senior capacity or, any independent
                                            contractor and, in each case: (i)
                                            generating revenue or supplier
                                            rebates; (ii) working in the key
                                            management functions or (iii) client
                                            management or sales and with whom
                                            the Executive has, during the period
                                            of twelve months prior to the
                                            Termination Date, had any personal
                                            dealings;

            "MATERIAL"                      all information, methods,
                                            techniques, inventions, processes,
                                            reports, drawings, plans, research,
                                            know-how, systems, confidential
                                            information, creative works,
                                            concepts and other material
                                            produced, developed or discovered by
                                            the Executive, (either alone or with
                                            others) relating to the business of
                                            the Company or any company in the
                                            Group or pertaining to, resulting
                                            from or suggested by the work the
                                            Executive does for the Company or
                                            any company in the Group, during the
                                            term of this agreement;

            "NORMAL PLACE OF WORK"          any of the Company's offices in the
                                            UK;

            "PRESIDENT IEI"                 the President of Insight Enterprises
                                            Inc, from time to time;

            "RESTRICTED BUSINESS"           Any business which is directly
                                            competitive with the business
                                            carried on by the Company


                                        3
<PAGE>

                                            or any company in the Group:

                                            (a) at the Termination Date; or

                                            (b)  during the period of 12 months
                                            preceding the Termination Date;

                                            including the supply and marketing
                                            of computer hardware, software,
                                            peripherals and associated services;

            "SALARY"                        the salary payable pursuant to
                                            clause 6.1, as reviewed from time to
                                            time;

            "SECOND PERIOD OF RESTRICTION"  the period commencing on the
                                            Termination Date and terminating 18
                                            months from the Termination Date;

            "SUPPLIER"                      any person, firm, company or other
                                            entity which or who at any time
                                            during the period of 12 months
                                            preceding the Termination Date was a
                                            supplier or was to the Executive's
                                            knowledge a prospective supplier of
                                            the Company or of any other Company
                                            in the Group and with which or whom
                                            the Executive had dealings during
                                            such period; and

            "TERMINATION DATE"              the date on which this agreement
                                            terminates irrespective of the cause
                                            or manner.

            "THIRD PERIOD OF RESTRICTION"   the period commencing on the
                                            Termination Date and terminating 6
                                            months from the Termination Date.


                                        4
<PAGE>

1.2   The clause headings in this agreement are for the convenience of the
      parties only and shall not affect its interpretation in any way.

1.3   Any amendment to the terms and conditions set out in this agreement shall
      only be valid if set out in writing and signed by both parties.

2.    EMPLOYMENT AND JOB DESCRIPTiON

2.1   The Company employs the Executive and the Executive agrees to serve the
      Company as Managing Director of the Company in the UK and its subsidiaries
      in the UK, or in such other capacity as the President IEI may direct from
      time to time, and to serve any other company within the Group as may from
      time to time be required by the President IEI on and subject to the terms
      of this agreement.

3.    COMMENCEMENT & CONTINUITY

3.1   The Executive's employment with the Company shall commence on the
      Commencement Date and shall continue unless and until it is terminated in
      accordance with Clause 11.

4.    DUTIES

4.1   The Executive shall be a director of the Company and (subject always to
      the directions of the President IEI), together with any other director
      appointed from time to time by the President IEI, conduct the general
      management of the business of the Company in the UK and of any subsidiary
      of the Company in the UK and shall also carry out such other duties for
      companies in the Group as the President IEI may from time to time require.

4.2   For the duration of this agreement the Executive shall (without prejudice
      to the generality of clause 4.1) in the course of his duties:

      4.2.1 diligently and faithfully serve the Company and use his utmost
            endeavours to promote its interests;

      4.2.2 render his services in a professional and competent manner and in
            willing cooperation with others;


                                        5
<PAGE>

      4.2.3 undertake such travel inside and outside the United Kingdom as may
            be required for the proper performance of his duties; and

      4.2.4 at all times comply with the rules and procedures of the Company and
            of any association or professional body to which the Company and/or
            the Executive may from time to time belong.

4.3   The Executive shall report to the President IEI (or such other person as
      the President IEI may from to time determine) as the President IEI may
      from time to time determine and shall at all times keep the President IEI
      (or such other person) fully informed of his activities and shall promptly
      provide such information and explanations as may be requested from time to
      time by the President IEI (or such other person).

4.4   The Executive shall be based at the Normal Place of Work. The Company
      shall have the right to vary the Normal Place of Work from time to time
      upon 90 days notice. Should the Company require the Executive to be based
      outside of the area of the M25 motorway to a location where it is not
      practicable for him to commute, then the Company shall either provide
      reasonable rented accommodation for the use of the Executive (at the cost
      of the Company) or shall reimburse his reasonable hotel expenses.

4.5   The Executive will be required from time to time to both travel and work
      outside the UK in performance of his duties.

4.6   The Company shall be under no obligation to vest in or assign to the
      Executive any powers or duties or to provide any work for the Executive
      and the Company may, in its discretion:

      4.6.1 provide the Executive with alternative work; and/or

      4.6.2 suspend the Executive from the performance of his duties including
            without limitation requiring him not to contact any customers,
            clients, suppliers, agents, professional advisers, brokers, bankers
            or employees of the Company or of any company in the Group; and/or


                                        6
<PAGE>

      4.6.3 exclude the Executive from any premises of the Company or of any
            company in the Group; and/or

      4.6.4 require the Executive to resign from any or all offices in the
            Company and any company in the Group.

4.7   Salary and benefits will not cease to be payable to the Executive by
      reason only of such suspension, exclusion or requirement and the Executive
      shall throughout any such period of suspension or exclusion continue to be
      an employee of the Company and shall comply with all his obligations under
      this agreement without limitation.

4.8   The Executive shall devote the whole of his time and attention to the
      businesses and affairs of the Company and of any other company within the
      Group for which he is directed to work, from time to time, in accordance
      with this agreement unless prevented by ill health from so doing.

4.9   The Executive shall not during the continuance of this agreement directly
      or indirectly enter into or be concerned or interested in any trade or
      business or occupation whatsoever other than the business of the Company,
      except with the prior written consent of the President IEI.

5.    HOURS OF WORK

5.1   Normal working hours are from Monday to Friday inclusive, 9.OOam - 6.OOpm.
      The Executive is, however, expected to work such additional hours
      including work at weekends and on public holidays without additional pay
      as the needs and requirements of the Company dictate and as are required
      for the proper discharge of his duties.

5.2   Regulation 4(1) of the Working Time Regulations (the "WTR") provides that
      a worker's average working time, including overtime, shall not exceed 48
      hours for each seven day period (to be averaged over a period of 17 weeks)
      unless the worker agrees that this Regulation shall not apply to his or
      her employment. In accordance with Regulation 5 of the WTR the Executive
      agrees that Regulation 4(1) of the WTR shall not apply to his employment
      with the Company.


                                        7
<PAGE>

5.3   At any time during his employment, the Executive or the Company may give
      three months, prior written notice that clause 5.2 shall cease to apply
      with effect from the expiry of the said notice.

6.    REMUNERATION, BONUS AND BENEFITS

6.1   Subject as provided in this agreement, the Company shall pay to the
      Executive a gross salary of One Hundred and Sixty-Five Thousand Pounds
      Sterling (pound l65,000) per annum, which shall accrue from day to day and
      be payable by equal monthly instalments, in arrears at the end of every
      month (or such other date as the Company may determine) and shall he
      inclusive of any fees receivable by the Executive as a director of the
      Company and any company in the Group.

6.2   The Salary shall be reviewed by the President IEI annually and any
      decision concerning an increase shall be entirely discretionary.

6.3   The Executive may, at the discretion of the Company, receive a bonus from
      time to time. Any bonus will be paid in accordance with and subject to the
      bonus provisions determined from time to time by and at the absolute
      discretion of the President IEI. As at the date of this agreement, the
      Executive shall be paid a bonus equal to two percent (2%) of the Company's
      net profit after tax as calculated in accordance with the Company's
      accounting policies. The accounting policies used in calculating the net
      profit of the Company shall be consistent with the accounting policies
      applied to the other direct marketing subsidiaries of Insight Enterprises
      Inc. This bonus shall be subject to and conditional upon the Company's
      quarterly net profit after tax being equal to or greater than at least 80%
      of the trailing four (4) quarters' average. This bonus shall be calculated
      by the Company and paid quarterly in arrears. The President IEI may vary
      the bonus scheme on 90 days notice.

6.4   Subject to the rules of the applicable share option plan, shortly after
      the commencement of employment of the Executive, the President IEI shall
      recommend to the awards committee of the Insight Enterprises Inc 1998
      Stock Option Plan that the Executive be awarded the option to acquire
      Fifty Thousand (50,000) shares of the common stock of Insight Enterprises
      Inc. The option exercise price shall be determined in accordance with the
      rules of the Insight Enterprises Inc 1998 Stock


                                        8
<PAGE>

      Option Plan by reference to the market price of the shares at the date of
      grant. Such share options shall vest as follows:

      6.4.1 Half the options (over 25,000 shares) shall vest three years after
            the date of grant:

      6.4.2 The other half (over 25,000 shares) shall vest five years after the
            date of grant.

6.5   Subject always to the rules of each scheme from time to time in force and
      to the beneficiary's health not being such as to prevent the Company
      obtaining cover on reasonable terms, the Executive shall be eligible to:

      6.5.1 participate in the private health insurance scheme from time to time
            operated by the Company for the benefit of the Executive and his
            immediate family;

      6.5.2 be covered by the death in service insurance scheme from time to
            time operated by the Company.

6.6   The Executive shall be eligible, on completion of three months service, to
      participate in the Group Personal Pension Scheme ("the Scheme") subject to
      the terms and conditions of such Scheme from time to time in force.
      Details of the Scheme may be obtained from the HR Department. The Company
      reserves the right to terminate, or substitute another pension scheme(s)
      for the Scheme. The Company shall make a contribution of seven percent
      (7%) of base Salary to such scheme to match the contribution made by the
      Executive. At the request of the Executive, the Company shall pay this
      pension contribution to a personal pension scheme established by the
      Executive in his name.

6.7   The Executive shall be provided with a mobile phone for his business use
      and reasonable personal use. The Executive shall return his mobile phone
      on request.

6.8   The Executive shall be reimbursed his reasonable business mileage in
      accordance with the Company's policy from time to time.

6.9   Any benefits provided by the Company to the Executive which are not
      expressly referred to in this agreement shall be provided to and be
      enjoyed by the Executive at


                                        9
<PAGE>

      the entire discretion from time to time of the President IEI and shall be
      regarded as ex-gratia.

6.10  The Executive authorises the Company to deduct from his remuneration under
      this agreement any sums due from him to the Company including, any
      overpayments, loans or advance made to him by the Company.

7.    EXPENSES

In    addition to his remuneration, the Executive shall be reimbursed all
      reasonable expenses, properly, wholly and exclusively incurred by him in
      the discharge of his duties under this agreement upon production of
      receipts or other evidence for them and subject to the Executive complying
      with the requirements of the Company's expenses policy from time to time
      in force.

8.    SICKNESS

8.1   If so required by the President IEI at any time, (and whether or not the
      Executive is absent by reason of sickness, injury or other incapacity) the
      Executive shall undergo a medical or psychological examination by such
      doctor or doctors as the President IEI shall nominate at the expense of
      the Company. The Executive authorises the Company pursuant to the Access
      to Medical Reports Act 1988 to have unconditional access to any report or
      reports (including copies of and documents referred to in such reports)
      prepared as a result of any such examination as the President IEI may from
      time to time require and authorises the doctor(s) concerned to discuss the
      same with any representative of the Company.

8.2   If the Executive is absent from his employment, he shall comply with the
      Company's policy on reporting absence and illness.

8.3   The Company may appoint a temporary replacement to undertake some or all
      of the Executive's duties in the event that any period of incapacity lasts
      for more than 20 consecutive working days.

8.4   Subject to compliance by him with the provisions of clauses 8.1 to 8.3,
      the Executive may, notwithstanding illness or other incapacity, at the
      absolute discretion


                                       10
<PAGE>

      of the Company and without prejudice to the Company's rights pursuant to
      this Agreement, continue to receive the Salary or such proportion of it,
      for 26 weeks (in aggregate) in such 52 week period and thereafter for such
      periods or period as the President IEI may in its absolute discretion
      decide provided that any Salary or proportion of it so paid will be
      reduced by a sum or sums equal to the aggregate maximum amount of
      statutory sick pay which the Executive is entitled to claim in respect of
      such period or periods of absence.

8.5   Any salary paid to the Executive pursuant to clause 8.4 shall be inclusive
      of any Statutory Sick Pay payable.

9.    HOLIDAYS

9.1   The Executive shall, in addition to Bank holidays but inclusive of
      statutory entitlement under the WTR, be entitled to 25 working days'
      holiday in every Holiday Year and a rateable proportion for any part of
      such Holiday Year to be taken at such time or times as shall be convenient
      to the Company's business and as decided by the President IEI, but so that
      no more than 10 consecutive working days are taken by the Executive at any
      one time without the prior consent of the President IEI. The Executive
      will be deemed to take statutory entitlement under the WTR first, then
      additional contractual entitlement.

9.2   On the termination of this agreement the Executive shall be entitled to
      remuneration in lieu of accrued untaken holidays.

9.3   If, on the termination of this agreement, the Executive has taken holiday
      in excess of his accrued entitlement, the Company shall be entitled to
      deduct from any sum owed by the Company to the Executive a sum
      representing such excess holiday taken.

9.4   With the prior written consent of the President IEI, the Executive shall
      be entitled to carry forward not more than 10 days accrued holiday
      entitlement from one Holiday Year to the next. Any holiday carried forward
      must be taken within the first two months of the next Holiday Year or will
      thereupon lapse without right to payment in lieu.

9.5   The Holiday Year shall be the leave year for the purposes of parental
      leave.


                                       11

<PAGE>


10.   CONFIDENTIALITY

10.1  The Executive recognises that confidential information (which may include
      commercially sensitive information) is important to the business of the
      Company and will from time to time become known to the Executive. The
      Executive acknowledges that the following restraints are necessary for the
      reasonable protection of the Company, of its business, the business of the
      Group, its clients or their respective affairs.

10.2  The Executive shall during the continuance of his employment hereunder and
      after the Termination Date observe strict secrecy as to the affairs and
      dealings of the Company and (1) shall not during the continuance of his
      employment (except in the proper performance of his duties of employment)
      or after the Termination Date (without limit in time), without the prior
      written consent of the President IEI, make use of or divulge to any person
      and (2) during the continuance of his employment, shall use his best
      endeavours to prevent the publication or disclosure of:

      10.2.1 details of customers, prospective customers and contractors
             (whether they be buyers, producers, suppliers or other contractors)
             of the Company or any other company within the Group, including the
             terms of business with them and the fees and commissions charged to
             or by them and their requirements for specific projects whether
             design, idea or information technology oriented;

      10.2.2 copies of and information relating to research activities,
             inventions, creative briefs, ideas, computer programs (whether in
             source code or object code) secret processes, designs and formulae
             undertaken, commissioned or produced by or on behalf of the Company
             or any company in the Group;

      10.2.3  any information relating to:

              10.2.3.1 expansion plans, business strategy, marketing plans
                       and sales forecasts of the Company or any other company
                       in the Group;

              10.2.3.2 financial information, results and forecasts of the
                       Company or any other company in the Group;


                                       12
<PAGE>

              10.2.3.3 details of the employees and officers of the Company
                       or any other company in the Group and of the
                       remuneration and other benefits paid to them;

              10.2.3.4 information relating to presentations, tenders,
                       projects, joint ventures or acquisitions and
                       developments contemplated, offered or undertaken by the
                       Company or any other company in the Group;

              10.2.3.5 confidential reports or research commissioned by or
                       provided to the Company or any company in the Group;

              10.2.3.6 any pricing information and the Company rate-card or
                       other information relating to the charges the Company
                       makes to customers or any discount thereon;

              10.2.3.7 any trade secrets of the Company or any company in
                       the Group including know-how and confidential
                       transactions;

      10.2.4 any information, which the Executive is told is confidential and
            any information which has been given to the Company or any other
            company in the Group in confidence by buyers, agents, suppliers or
            other persons; and

10.3  The obligations contained in clause 10.2 shall cease to apply to any
      Confidential Information upon it coming into the public domain, other than
      as a result of the direct or indirect disclosure by the Executive in
      breach of clause 10.2.

10.4  Nothing in this agreement shall preclude the Executive from making a
      protected disclosure in accordance with and subject to the provisions set
      out in the Public Interest Disclosure Act 1998.


                                       13

<PAGE>

11.   TERMINATION

11.1  The Company shall be entitled to terminate this agreement at any time,
      without giving notice or paying compensation, by summary notice in
      writing, if the Executive:

      11.1.1 is guilty of gross misconduct including (but not limited to) any
             dishonesty or wilful neglect of duty, or wilful damage to Company
             property or commits any breach of a material term of this
             agreement;

      11.1.2 has a bankruptcy order made against him or enters into a voluntary
             arrangement within the meaning of section 253 Insolvency Act 1986;

      11.1.3 is convicted of any criminal offence, other than a minor motoring
             offence which does not render him unable to discharge his duties;

      11.1.4 becomes of unsound mind or a patient for the purpose of any statute
             relating to mental health;

      11.1.5 becomes prohibited by law from being a company director;

      11.1.6 is convicted of an offence relating to insider dealing.

11.2  The Executive shall be entitled to terminate this agreement by service of
      six month's prior written notice.

11.3  The Company shall be entitled to terminate this agreement (in addition to
      the rights under Clause 11.1) by service of the statutory minimum notice
      period provided that it pays to the Executive the sum of One Hundred and
      Sixty-Five Thousand Pounds Sterling (pounds 165,000) less Salary accruing
      during such statutory notice period. Such sum shall be accepted by the
      Executive in full and final settlement of all Claims that the Executive
      may have against the Company or any Group company (or its or their
      employees, officers, executives or shareholders) anywhere in the world and
      howsoever arising to the fullest extent permitted by law.


                                       14
<PAGE>

11.4  The Executive's employment shall terminate automatically (without
      compensation) and the Executive shall be required to retire on the last
      working day of the financial year in which the Executive's 65th birthday
      occurs.

11.5  Upon termination of this agreement for whatsoever reason:

      11.5.1 the Executive shall deliver to the Company all notes, memoranda and
             other correspondence, documents, papers, credit cards and other
             property belonging to the Company or any other company in the Group
             or any customer of the Company or any customer of any company in
             the Group, which may have been prepared by him or have come into
             his possession during the course of or as a result of his
             employment with the Company and shall not retain any copies of them
             and shall not permit them to be used by any party;

      11.5.2 the Executive shall forthwith upon the request of the Company
             resign from office as a director of the Company and from all
             offices held by him in any other company in the Group.

11.6  The Executive shall have no claim against the Company if this agreement is
      terminated by reason of the liquidation of the Company for the purpose of
      reconstruction or amalgamation and the Executive is offered employment
      with any concern or undertaking resulting from such reconstruction or
      amalgamation on terms which are substantially the same as the terms of
      this agreement.

11.7  It shall be a condition of participation in any share option scheme from
      time to time operated by the Company in which the Executive participates
      or shall be entitled to participate that, in the event of the termination
      of the Executive's employment with the Company for whatever reason, in
      circumstances which could give rise to a claim for wrongful and/or unfair
      dismissal (whether or not it is known at the time of dismissal that such a
      claim may ensue), the Executive shall not by virtue of such dismissal
      become entitled to any damages or any additional damages in respect of any
      rights or expectations of whatsoever nature he may have as a holder of
      share options under any such scheme.


                                       15
<PAGE>

12.   RESTRICTIONS

12.1  The Executive agrees with the Company that he shall not:

      12.1.1 during the continuance of this agreement and until the expiry of
             the First Period of Restriction without the written consent of the
             Company be directly or indirectly interested or concerned (whether
             as a shareholder (to no more than 5% of the equity or ownership
             interests), director, employee, partner, consultant, proprietor,
             agent or otherwise) in any business, firm or company which competes
             with the Company or any company in the Group in relation to the
             Restricted Business;

      12.1.2 during the continuance of this agreement and until the expiry of
             the Second Period of Restriction either for his own account or for
             any person, firm or company directly or indirectly solicit or
             entice away or endeavour to solicit or entice away any person who
             has during the period of nine months preceding the Termination Date
             been a director or Key Employee of any company in the Group whether
             or not any such person would thereby commit a breach of contract;

      12.1.3 during the continuance of this agreement and until the expiry of
              the First Period of Restriction for the purposes of any Restricted
             Business solicit or entice away or endeavour to solicit or entice
             away or deal with any Client or induce or attempt to induce any
             Client to cease conducting business with the Company or to reduce
             the amount of business conducted with the Company or adversely to
             vary the terms upon which any business is conducted with the
             Company;

      12.1.4 for the purposes of any Restricted Business solicit or entice away
             or endeavour to solicit or entice away any Supplier or induce or
             attempt to induce any Supplier to cease conducting business with
             the Company or to reduce the amount of business conducted with the
             Company or adversely to vary the terms upon which any business is
             conducted with the Company during the continuance of this agreement
             and until:


                                       16
<PAGE>

              12.1.4.1  the expiry of the Third Period of Restriction where
                        termination occurs in accordance with Clause 11.2, or

              12.1.4.2  the expiry of the First Period of Restriction where
                        termination occurs for any other reason.

      12.1.5 during the continuance of this agreement until the expiry of the
             First Period of Restriction either for his own account or for any
             person, firm or company directly or indirectly employ any person
             who has during the period of nine months preceding the Termination
             Date been a director or Key Employee of any company in the Group
             whether or not any such person would thereby commit a breach of
             contract;

      12.1.6 without the consent of the Company at any time after the
             Termination Date divulge to any person, firm or company the
             contents or nature or make use of any material of whatsoever nature
             in which the copyright is owned by the Company or any company in
             the Group or by any customer of the Company and/or any company in
             the Group; or

      12.1.7 at any time after the Termination Date present himself or allow
             himself to be held out or presented as being at that time in any
             way connected with or interested in the business of the Company
             (other than as a shareholder, if that is the case,) or (unless he
             remains a director or employee of such company) in the business of
             any company in the Group.

12.2  Each of the restrictions set out in clause 12.1 constitutes an entirely
      separate, severable and independent restriction on the Executive.

12.3  While the restrictions in clause 12.1 are considered by the parties to be
      reasonable in all the circumstances it is agreed that if any one or more
      of such restrictions shall, either taken by itself or themselves together,
      be adjudged to go beyond what is reasonable in all the circumstances for
      the protection of the legitimate interest of the Company or the Group but
      would be adjudged reasonable if any particular restriction or restrictions
      were deleted or if any part or parts of the wording thereof were deleted,
      restricted or limited in a particular manner then the restrictions set out


                                       17

<PAGE>

      in clause 12.1 shall apply with such deletions, restrictions or
      limitations as the case may be.

12.4  Since the Executive may in the course of his employment also obtain
      knowledge of the Confidential Information of any subsidiary and/or
      associated company of the Company by reason of duties performed for or
      office held in such company the Executive agrees that he will at the
      request and cost of the Company enter into a direct agreement or
      undertaking with such company whereby he will accept restrictions no more
      onerous than the restrictions contained in clause 12.1 (or to such lesser
      extent as may be permitted by applicable law)).

12.5  The Executive agrees that the restrictions contained in clause 12.1 are
      reasonable and necessary for the protection of the Confidential
      Information of the Company and the Group.

12.6  The Executive shall not induce, procure, authorise or encourage any other
      person, firm, corporation or organisation to do or procure to be done
      anything which if done by the Executive would be a breach of any of the
      provisions of clause 12.1.

12.7  In clause 12.1, references to acting directly or indirectly shall include,
      without prejudice to the generality of that expression references to
      acting alone, jointly with, on behalf of, by means of or by the agency of
      any other person, firm, business, company or corporation.

13.   INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY

13.1  The Executive shall promptly disclose and deliver all Material to the
      Company, or as it may direct. The Company shall be entitled to make such
      use of the Material as it deems appropriate and the Executive shall not
      use the Material in any manner, save as is necessary in performing his
      duties pursuant to this agreement, and shall not disclose, or permit any
      third party to use, the Material, in any manner, at any time either during
      his employment or after the Termination Date.

13.2  To the extent that the Intellectual Property Rights do not vest in the
      Company by operation of law, the Executive hereby irrevocably assigns to
      the Company, including by way of future assignment, with full title
      guarantee, absolutely and free


                                       18
<PAGE>

      from all encumbrances, all his interest in any and all Intellectual
      Property Rights in, or relating to, the Material.

13.3  The Executive shall, without charge to, but at the cost and expense of,
      the Company, execute and do all such acts, matters, documents and things
      as may be necessary or reasonably required to obtain patent or other
      protection for any of the Material or improvements or developments of the
      Material and to vest title to the Intellectual Property Rights in, or
      relating to, the Material in the Company (or such company as it shall
      direct) absolutely.

13.4  To the extent permitted by law, the Executive hereby irrevocably and
      unconditionally waives any and all moral rights conferred by the Copyright
      Designs and Patents Act 1988 or any rights of a similar nature under law
      in any other jurisdiction in and to any and all Material, such waiver in
      favour of the Company, its successors in title and assigns.

13.5  The provisions of this clause shall not be affected by reason of the
      termination of this agreement for whatever reason and shall continue
      thereafter.

13.6  The Company  shall be under no  obligation  to apply for or seek to obtain
      patent,  design or other  protection in relation to any of the Material or
      in any way to use, exploit or seek to benefit from any of the Material.

14.   PERIOD OF EMPLOYMENT

14.1  For the purposes of the Act the date upon which the Executive's continuous
      period of employment began is the Commencement Date.

15.   GRIEVANCE/DISCIPLINARY MATTERS

15.1  There are no contractual disciplinary or grievance procedures in respect
      of the Executive.

16.   COLLECTIVE AGREEMENTS

16.1  There are no collective agreements which affect the terms and conditions
      of the Executives employment.


                                       19

<PAGE>
17.       DATA PROTECTION

17.1      The Executive consents to the Company and/or any Group company
          holding (and where necessary forwarding outside the EEA) and
          processing both electronically and manually the data (including
          personal sensitive data) it collects which relates to the Executive,
          in the course of the Executive's employment, for the purposes of the
          administration and management of its employees and its business and
          for compliance with applicable procedures, laws and regulations.

18.       PRIOR AGREEMENTS

18.1      This agreement shall take effect on and from the Commencement Date as
          from which date all other agreements or arrangements whether written
          or oral, express or implied, between the Executive and the Company or
          any company in the Group relating to the services or employment
          of the Executive shall be deemed to have been cancelled.

19.       EMPLOYMENT RIGHTS ACT 1996

          This agreement contains the particulars of the terms of employment of
          the Executive required by the Act.

20.       GENERAL

20.1      The expiry or termination of this agreement for whatsoever reason
          shall not affect such of the provisions of it as are expressed to
          operate or have effect after its termination and shall be without
          prejudice to any right of action already accrued to either party in
          respect of any breach of this agreement by the other party.

20.2      Any notices required to be given under the provisions of this
          agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly
          served if hand delivered or sent by facsimile or, within the United
          Kingdom, by first class registered or recorded delivery post and,
          outside the United Kingdom, by registered airmail post correctly
          addressed to the relevant party's address as specified in this
          agreement or at such other address as either party may designate from
          time to time.


                                       20
<PAGE>
20.3      The Executive hereby irrevocably and by way of security appoints the
          Company and any Group company now or in the future existing to be his
          attorney in his name and on his behalf as his act and deed to sign,
          execute and do all acts, things and documents which he is obliged to
          execute and do under the provisions of this agreement and in
          particular, but without limitation, clause 11.5.2 and 13.1 to 13.3 and
          the Executive hereby agrees forthwith on the request of the Company to
          ratify and confirm all such acts things and documents signed, executed
          and done in pursuant of this power.


20.4      The construction, validity and performance of this agreement shall be
          governed by and construed in accordance with the law of England. Each
          party irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts
          of England over any claim or matter arising under or in connection
          with this agreement or the legal relationships established by this
          agreement.

SIGNED by a director duly authorised     )
for and behalf of                        )
INSIGHT DIRECT (UK) LIMITED              )


SIGNED and DELIVERED as a DEED           )
by STUART FENTON                         )
in the presence of:                      )


Witness
Signature:

Witness
Name:

Witness
Address:

Witness
Occupation:

                                       21

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
