<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>form8k_3603exh10-1.txt
<DESCRIPTION>LETTER AGREEMENT BETWEEN VOXWARE AND CASTLE CREEK
<TEXT>


                      Castle Creek Technology Partners, LLC
                           111 West Jackson Boulevard
                                   Suite 2020
                             Chicago, Illinois 60604



March 6, 2003

Nicholas Narlis
Senior Vice President and
    Chief Financial Officer
Voxware, Inc.
Lawrenceville Office Park
P.O. Box 5363
Lawrenceville, NJ 08543

         Re: Certain Agreements

Dear Nick:

     This letter will confirm the following agreements as between Voxware,  Inc.
("Voxware") and Castle Creek Technology Partners LLC ("CC"), in contemplation of
the  completion  of a  proposed  Series  D  Preferred  Stock  private  placement
providing for the sale of $5,000,000 of Series D Preferred  Stock of the Company
(the "Financing"):

     1. Effective immediately, Section 4.7 of the Exchange Agreement dated as of
August 29, 2001 between Voxware and CC is hereby amended to limit conversions of
Series B Convertible  Preferred Stock, par value $0.001 per share (the "Series B
Stock"),  of the Company so that the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock,
par value  $0.001 per share,  issued  upon such  conversions  does not exceed an
aggregate of 9,000,000.

     2. The parties contemplate that, subject to the execution of the definitive
purchase agreement  providing for additional  financing of up to $5,000,000 (the
"Series D  Agreement"),  and the  execution  of an  exchange  agreement  between
Voxware  and CC in  connection  with such  financing  (the  "Financing  Exchange
Agreement"),  Section 4.7 of the Exchange  Agreement dated as of August 29, 2001
between  Voxware and CC shall be amended to limit  conversions of Series B Stock
so that the  aggregate  number of shares of Common  Stock,  par value $0.001 per
share,  issued upon such conversions does not exceed an aggregate of 17,250,000.
The parties contemplate that the Financing Exchange Agreement shall provide for:
(i) the  exchange of the Series C Preferred  Stock,  par value  $0.001 per share
(the "Series C Stock"),  and the warrants issued in connection with the issuance
of the  Series C Stock  held by CC for  6,038,127  shares of Series D  Preferred
Stock;  and (ii) the  amendment  or  exchange  of the Series B Stock to effect a
redemption  of the Series B Stock in exchange for Common Stock or a common stock
equivalent  of the Company and the payment of $650,000  from  Voxware to CC upon
the closing of the Financing.  It is  contemplated  that such shares of Series D
Preferred Stock,  such shares of Common Stock or common stock equivalent and the
cash payment of $650,000 would be the entire consideration  payable to CC in the
Financing.   CC's  final  agreement  to  the  foregoing  shall  be  subject  to:
finalization  of the Financing  Exchange  Agreement  (which may include  further
provisions  addressing  the status of the Civil Action,  as  referenced  below);
review and approval


<PAGE>


by CC of the final  Series D Agreement;  and the absence of any material  change
from the date hereof.

     3.  Voxware and CC agree that the  Maturity  Date of the Series B Stock set
forth in Section IXA of the Certificate of Designations,  Preferences and Rights
of Series B Convertible  Preferred  Stock of Voxware filed with the Secretary of
State of the State of Delaware on August 29, 2001 shall be extended  through and
until  April 15,  2003 and CC waives,  subject to the terms and  conditions  set
forth herein, any failure by Voxware to redeem the Series B Stock prior to or on
such date.

     4. The parties agree that the civil action filed by Castle Creek Technology
Partners,  LLC against Voxware in the United States District for the District of
Delaware,  Civil  Action No.  03-196 (the "Civil  Action"),  with respect to the
failure to redeem the Series B Stock shall be stayed for a period  through April
15, 2003, (subject to approval by order of the Court), upon application for such
a stipulated  order by the parties,  and in any event CC hereby agrees to extend
the time for Voxware to reply to the summons and complaint for such matter until
April 15, 2003.

     5.  Voxware  agrees to make all  appropriate  disclosures  concerning  this
agreement,  including  filing a Form 8-K  attaching  this  letter  or  otherwise
setting forth its material terms, within one business day of the date hereof. CC
shall be  provided  with a draft of such  Form  8-K and be  afforded  reasonable
opportunity to comment before filing.

     6.  Except  as  otherwise  agreed  herein,  all  other  provisions  of  the
agreements  between CC and Voxware remain unchanged,  and CC expressly  reserves
all rights  thereunder.  CC's  agreements  hereunder  shall be conditioned  upon
Voxware  being in  compliance  in all  material  respects  with all  outstanding
obligations  to CC. The parties agree to take any further  actions  necessary to
effectuate the agreements set forth herein.


<PAGE>




     By signing below, the parties each express their respective  agreement with
the foregoing.


                                                 Very truly yours,

                                                 /s/ Thomas Frei
                                                 ---------------
                                                 Thomas Frei


AGREED AND ACCEPTED
  THIS 6th DAY OF MARCH, 2003:

VOXWARE, INC.



By: /s/ Nicholas Narlis
    -------------------
        Nicholas Narlis
        Senior Vice President and
           Chief Financial Officer

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
