<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>g81316exv10w2.txt
<DESCRIPTION>REVOLVING CREDIT NOTE
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                    EXHIBIT 10.2


                           SYSTEMONE TECHNOLOGIES INC.

                              REVOLVING CREDIT NOTE


$5,000,000                                               As of November 30, 2000


         SECTION 1. General. SYSTEMONE TECHNOLOGIES INC., a Florida corporation
(hereinafter referred to as the "Borrower"), with offices at 8305 N.W. 27th
Street, Suite 107, Miami, Florida 33122, for value received, hereby promises to
pay to Hansa Finance Limited Liability Company, with offices at 450 Park Avenue,
Suite 2302, New York, New York 10022, or order, the principal amount of Five
Million Dollars ($5,000,000), or the amount of all outstanding advances
hereunder, whichever is lesser in amount, the entire principal balance of which
shall be due and payable on May 30, 2005 (subject to optional and mandatory
prepayment in whole or in part in the manner hereinafter referenced), in such
coin or currency of the United States of America as at the time of payment shall
be legal tender therein for payment of public and private debts; and, to pay
interest on the unpaid balance of the principal amount hereof, as set forth in
the Loan Agreement hereinafter described, at the rate per annum equal to 14%, in
like coin or currency, monthly in arrears commencing on December 31, 2000 (the
payment due on such date to include all accrued interest from the date hereof)
and on the last day of each calendar month thereafter, and together with final
payment of all remaining principal hereunder, and to pay interest at such rate
on any overdue principal and (to the extent permitted by law) on any overdue
interest, from the due date thereof until the obligation of the Borrower with
respect to the payment thereof shall be discharged; all payments and prepayments
of principal of this Note and all payments of the interest on this Note to be
made at 450 Park Avenue, Suite 2302, New York, New York 10022, or such other
location as shall be specified in writing by the holder of this Note to the
Borrower.

         SECTION 2. Revolving Credit Borrowings. All Revolving Credit Borrowings
(as defined in the Loan Agreement hereinafter described) and payments of
interest and principal thereon shall be recorded by the holder of this Note and
endorsed on Schedule A attached hereto, which is hereby made a part of this
Note; provided, however, that the failure of the holder of this Note to make any
such endorsement shall not in any manner affect the obligation of the Borrower
to repay this Note in accordance with the terms of the Loan Agreement and the
terms hereof.

         SECTION 3. Governing Law. This Note shall be governed by and construed
in accordance with the laws of the State of New York applicable to agreements
made and to be performed entirely within such state.


                                Page 7 of 9 Pages
<PAGE>
         SECTION 4. Related Agreements. This Note is issued pursuant to, and is
the Note referred to in, the Revolving Credit Loan Agreement dated as of
November 30, 2000, as may from time to time be amended (herein referred to as
the "Loan Agreement"), between the Borrower and Hansa Finance Limited Liability
Company and is entitled to the benefits and subject to the provisions thereof
(including, without limitation, those providing for the optional and mandatory
prepayment of this Note and the acceleration of the maturity hereof), and to the
benefits of the Security Agreement dated as of November 30, 2000 between the
Borrower and Hansa Finance Limited Liability Company, as may from time to time
be amended. Copies of such agreements may be obtained by any holder of this Note
at the principal executive offices of the Borrower.

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Note as of the
date first-above written.


ATTEST:                                     SYSTEMONE TECHNOLOGIES INC.


                                            By: /s/ Paul I. Mansur
---------------------------                     --------------------------------


                                Page 8 of 9 Pages

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
