<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.4
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>b45159ssexv10w4.txt
<DESCRIPTION>SKILLSOFT CORPORATION 2001 STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                  Exhibit 10.4


                              SKILLSOFT CORPORATION

                            2001 STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN

1.       Purpose

         The purpose of this 2001 Stock Incentive Plan (the "Plan") of SkillSoft
Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), is to advance the interests
of the Company's stockholders by enhancing the Company's ability to attract,
retain and motivate persons who make (or are expected to make) important
contributions to the Company by providing such persons with equity ownership
opportunities and performance-based incentives and thereby better aligning the
interests of such persons with those of the Company's stockholders. Except where
the context otherwise requires, the term "Company" shall include any of the
Company's present or future parent or subsidiary corporations as defined in
Sections 424(e) or (f) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and any
regulations promulgated thereunder (the "Code") and any other business venture
(including, without limitation, joint venture or limited liability company) in
which the Company has a significant interest, as determined by the Board of
Directors of the Company (the "Board").

2.       Eligibility

         All of the Company's employees, officers, directors, consultants and
advisors (and any individuals who have accepted an offer for employment) are
eligible to be granted options or restricted stock awards (each, an "Award")
under the Plan. Each person who has been granted an Award under the Plan shall
be deemed a "Participant".

3.       Administration and Delegation

         (a) Administration by Board of Directors. The Plan will be administered
by the Board. The Board shall have authority to grant Awards and to adopt, amend
and repeal such administrative rules, guidelines and practices relating to the
Plan as it shall deem advisable. The Board may correct any defect, supply any
omission or reconcile any inconsistency in the Plan or any Award in the manner
and to the extent it shall deem expedient to carry the Plan into effect, and it
shall be the sole and final judge of such expediency. All decisions by the Board
shall be made in the Board's sole discretion and shall be final and binding on
all persons having or claiming any interest in the Plan or in any Award. No
director or person acting pursuant to the authority delegated by the Board shall
be liable for any action or determination relating to or under the Plan made in
good faith.

         (b) Appointment of Committees. To the extent permitted by applicable
law, the Board may delegate any or all of its powers under the Plan to one or
more committees or subcommittees of the Board (a "Committee"). The Board shall
appoint one such Committee of not less than two members, each member of which
shall be an "outside director" within the meaning of Section 162(m) of the Code
("Section 162(m)") and a "non-employee director" as defined in Rule 16b-3
promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange
Act"). All references in the Plan to the "Board" shall mean the Board or a

<PAGE>
Committee of the Board to the extent that the Board's powers or authority under
the Plan have been delegated to such Committee.

4.       Stock Available for Awards

         (a) Number of Shares. Subject to adjustment under Section 7, Awards may
be made under the Plan for up to the number of shares of common stock, $.001 par
value per share, of the Company (the "Common Stock") that is equal to the sum
of:

         (1)      1,450,000 shares of Common Stock; plus

         (2)      an annual increase to be effected on the first day of each of
                  the Company's fiscal years beginning on February 1, 2002
                  through and including February 1, 2005 equal to the lesser of
                  (i) 500,000 shares of Common Stock, (ii) 2% of the outstanding
                  shares on such date or (iii) an amount determined by the
                  Board.

         If any Award expires or is terminated, surrendered or canceled without
having been fully exercised or is forfeited in whole or in part (including as
the result of shares of Common Stock subject to such Award being repurchased by
the Company at the original issuance price pursuant to a contractual repurchase
right) or results in any Common Stock not being issued, the unused Common Stock
covered by such Award shall again be available for the grant of Awards under the
Plan, subject, however, in the case of Incentive Stock Options (as hereinafter
defined), to any limitations under the Code. Shares issued under the Plan may
consist in whole or in part of authorized but unissued shares or treasury
shares.

         (b) Per-Participant Limit. Subject to adjustment under Section 7, the
maximum number of shares of Common Stock with respect to which Awards may be
granted to any Participant under the Plan shall be 500,000 per calendar year.
The per-Participant limit described in this Section 4(b) shall be construed and
applied consistently with Section 162(m).

5.       Stock Options

         (a) General. The Board may grant options to purchase Common Stock
(each, an "Option") and determine the number of shares of Common Stock to be
covered by each Option, the exercise price of each Option and the conditions and
limitations applicable to the exercise of each Option, including conditions
relating to applicable federal or state securities laws, as it considers
necessary or advisable. An Option which is not intended to be an Incentive Stock
Option (as hereinafter defined) shall be designated a "Nonstatutory Stock
Option".

         (b) Incentive Stock Options. An Option that the Board intends to be an
"incentive stock option" as defined in Section 422 of the Code (an "Incentive
Stock Option") shall only be granted to employees of SkillSoft Corporation and
its present and future corporate subsidiaries and shall be subject to and shall
be construed consistently with the requirements of Section 422 of the Code. The
Company shall have no liability to a Participant, or any other party, if an
Option (or any part thereof) which is intended to be an Incentive Stock Option
is not an Incentive Stock Option.

                                      -2-
<PAGE>
         (c) Exercise Price. The Board shall establish the exercise price at the
time each Option is granted and specify it in the applicable option agreement.

         (d) Duration of Options. Each Option shall be exercisable at such times
and subject to such terms and conditions as the Board may specify in the
applicable option agreement.

         (e) Exercise of Option. Options may be exercised by delivery to the
Company of a written notice of exercise signed by the proper person or by any
other form of notice (including electronic notice) approved by the Board
together with payment in full as specified in Section 5(f) for the number of
shares for which the Option is exercised.

         (f) Payment Upon Exercise. Common Stock purchased upon the exercise of
an Option granted under the Plan shall be paid for as follows:

                  (1) in cash or by check, payable to the order of the Company;

                  (2) except as the Board may, in its sole discretion, otherwise
provide in an option agreement, by (i) delivery of an irrevocable and
unconditional undertaking by a creditworthy broker to deliver promptly to the
Company sufficient funds to pay the exercise price and any required tax
withholding or (ii) delivery by the Participant to the Company of a copy of
irrevocable and unconditional instructions to a creditworthy broker to deliver
promptly to the Company cash or a check sufficient to pay the exercise price and
any required tax withholding;

                  (3) when the Common Stock is registered under the Exchange
Act, by delivery of shares of Common Stock owned by the Participant valued at
their fair market value as determined by (or in a manner approved by) the Board
in good faith ("Fair Market Value"), provided (i) such method of payment is then
permitted under applicable law and (ii) such Common Stock, if acquired directly
from the Company was owned by the Participant at least six months prior to such
delivery;

                  (4) to the extent permitted by the Board, in its sole
discretion by (i) delivery of a promissory note of the Participant to the
Company on terms determined by the Board, or (ii) payment of such other lawful
consideration as the Board may determine; or

                  (5) by any combination of the above permitted forms of
payment.

         (g) Substitute Options. In connection with a merger or consolidation of
an entity with the Company or the acquisition by the Company of property or
stock of an entity, the Board may grant Options in substitution for any options
or other stock or stock-based awards granted by such entity or an affiliate
thereof. Substitute Options may be granted on such terms as the Board deems
appropriate in the circumstances, notwithstanding any limitations on Options
contained in the other sections of this Section 5 or in Section 2.

6.       Restricted Stock.

         (a) Grants. The Board may grant Awards entitling recipients to acquire
shares of Common Stock, subject to the right of the Company to repurchase all or
part of such shares at

                                      -3-

<PAGE>
their issue price or other stated or formula price (or to require forfeiture of
such shares if issued at no cost) from the recipient in the event that
conditions specified by the Board in the applicable Award are not satisfied
prior to the end of the applicable restriction period or periods established by
the Board for such Award (each, a "Restricted Stock Award").

         (b) Terms and Conditions. The Board shall determine the terms and
conditions of any such Restricted Stock Award, including the conditions for
repurchase (or forfeiture) and the issue price, if any.

         (c) Stock Certificates. Any stock certificates issued in respect of a
Restricted Stock Award shall be registered in the name of the Participant and,
unless otherwise determined by the Board, deposited by the Participant, together
with a stock power endorsed in blank, with the Company (or its designee). At the
expiration of the applicable restriction periods, the Company (or such designee)
shall deliver the certificates no longer subject to such restrictions to the
Participant or if the Participant has died, to the beneficiary designated, in a
manner determined by the Board, by a Participant to receive amounts due or
exercise rights of the Participant in the event of the Participant's death (the
"Designated Beneficiary"). In the absence of an effective designation by a
Participant, Designated Beneficiary shall mean the Participant's estate.

7.       Adjustments for Changes in Common Stock and Certain Other Events

         (a) Changes in Capitalization. In the event of any stock split, reverse
stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization, combination of shares,
reclassification of shares, spin-off or other similar change in capitalization
or event, or any distribution to holders of Common Stock other than a normal
cash dividend, (i) the number and class of securities available under this Plan,
(ii) the per-Participant limit set forth in Section 4(b), (iii) the number and
class of securities and exercise price per share subject to each outstanding
Option, and (iv) the repurchase price per share subject to each outstanding
Restricted Stock Award shall be appropriately adjusted by the Company (or
substituted Awards may be made, if applicable) to the extent the Board shall
determine, in good faith, that such an adjustment (or substitution) is necessary
and appropriate. If this Section 7(a) applies and Section 7(c) also applies to
any event, Section 7(c) shall be applicable to such event, and this Section 7(a)
shall not be applicable.

         (b) Liquidation or Dissolution. In the event of a proposed liquidation
or dissolution of the Company, the Board shall upon written notice to the
Participants provide that all then unexercised Options will (i) become
exercisable in full as of a specified time at least ten business days prior to
the effective date of such liquidation or dissolution and (ii) terminate
effective upon such liquidation or dissolution, except to the extent exercised
before such effective date. The Board may specify the effect of a liquidation or
dissolution on any Restricted Stock Award at the time of the grant.

         (c) Reorganization Events

                  (1) Definition. A "Reorganization Event" shall mean: (a) any
merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another entity as a result
of which all of the Common Stock of the Company is converted into or exchanged
for the right to receive cash, securities or

                                      -4-
<PAGE>
other property or (b) any exchange of all of the Common Stock of the Company for
cash, securities or other property pursuant to a share exchange transaction.

                  (2) Consequences of a Reorganization Event on Options. Upon
the occurrence of a Reorganization Event, or the execution by the Company of any
agreement with respect to a Reorganization Event, the Board shall provide that
all outstanding Options shall be assumed, or equivalent options shall be
substituted, by the acquiring or succeeding corporation (or an affiliate
thereof). For purposes hereof, an Option shall be considered to be assumed if,
following consummation of the Reorganization Event, the Option confers the right
to purchase, for each share of Common Stock subject to the Option immediately
prior to the consummation of the Reorganization Event, the consideration
(whether cash, securities or other property) received as a result of the
Reorganization Event by holders of Common Stock for each share of Common Stock
held immediately prior to the consummation of the Reorganization Event (and if
holders were offered a choice of consideration, the type of consideration chosen
by the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Common Stock);
provided, however, that if the consideration received as a result of the
Reorganization Event is not solely common stock of the acquiring or succeeding
corporation (or an affiliate thereof), the Company may, with the consent of the
acquiring or succeeding corporation, provide for the consideration to be
received upon the exercise of Options to consist solely of common stock of the
acquiring or succeeding corporation (or an affiliate thereof) equivalent in fair
market value to the per share consideration received by holders of outstanding
shares of Common Stock as a result of the Reorganization Event.

         Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the acquiring or succeeding
corporation (or an affiliate thereof) does not agree to assume, or substitute
for, such Options, then the Board shall, upon written notice to the
Participants, provide that all then unexercised Options will become exercisable
in full as of a specified time prior to the Reorganization Event and will
terminate immediately prior to the consummation of such Reorganization Event,
except to the extent exercised by the Participants before the consummation of
such Reorganization Event; provided, however, that in the event of a
Reorganization Event under the terms of which holders of Common Stock will
receive upon consummation thereof a cash payment for each share of Common Stock
surrendered pursuant to such Reorganization Event (the "Acquisition Price"),
then the Board may instead provide that all outstanding Options shall terminate
upon consummation of such Reorganization Event and that each Participant shall
receive, in exchange therefor, a cash payment equal to the amount (if any) by
which (A) the Acquisition Price multiplied by the number of shares of Common
Stock subject to such outstanding Options (whether or not then exercisable),
exceeds (B) the aggregate exercise price of such Options. To the extent all or
any portion of an Option becomes exercisable solely as a result of the first
sentence of this paragraph, upon exercise of such Option the Participant shall
receive shares subject to a right of repurchase by the Company or its successor
at the Option exercise price. Such repurchase right (1) shall lapse at the same
rate as the Option would have become exercisable under its terms and (2) shall
not apply to any shares subject to the Option that were exercisable under its
terms without regard to the first sentence of this paragraph.

                  (3) Consequences of a Reorganization Event on Restricted Stock
Awards. Upon the occurrence of a Reorganization Event, the repurchase and other
rights of the Company under each outstanding Restricted Stock Award shall inure
to the benefit of the Company's successor and shall apply to the cash,
securities or other property which the Common Stock was

                                      -5-
<PAGE>
converted into or exchanged for pursuant to such Reorganization Event in the
same manner and to the same extent as they applied to the Common Stock subject
to such Restricted Stock Award.

8.       General Provisions Applicable to Awards

         (a) Transferability of Awards. Except as the Board may otherwise
determine or provide in an Award, Awards shall not be sold, assigned,
transferred, pledged or otherwise encumbered by the person to whom they are
granted, either voluntarily or by operation of law, except by will or the laws
of descent and distribution, and, during the life of the Participant, shall be
exercisable only by the Participant. References to a Participant, to the extent
relevant in the context, shall include references to authorized transferees.

         (b) Documentation. Each Award shall be evidenced in such form (written,
electronic or otherwise) as the Board shall determine. Each Award may contain
terms and conditions in addition to those set forth in the Plan.

         (c) Board Discretion. Except as otherwise provided by the Plan, each
Award may be made alone or in addition or in relation to any other Award. The
terms of each Award need not be identical, and the Board need not treat
Participants uniformly.

         (d) Termination of Status. The Board shall determine the effect on an
Award of the disability, death, retirement, authorized leave of absence or other
change in the employment or other status of a Participant and the extent to
which, and the period during which, the Participant, the Participant's legal
representative, conservator, guardian or Designated Beneficiary may exercise
rights under the Award.

         (e) Withholding. Each Participant shall pay to the Company, or make
provision satisfactory to the Board for payment of, any taxes required by law to
be withheld in connection with Awards to such Participant no later than the date
of the event creating the tax liability. Except as the Board may otherwise
provide in an Award, when the Common Stock is registered under the Exchange Act,
Participants may satisfy such tax obligations in whole or in part by delivery of
shares of Common Stock, including shares retained from the Award creating the
tax obligation, valued at their Fair Market Value; provided, however, that the
total tax withholding where stock is being used to satisfy such tax obligations
cannot exceed the Company's minimum statutory withholding obligations (based on
minimum statutory withholding rates for federal and state tax purposes,
including payroll taxes, that are applicable to such supplemental taxable
income). The Company may, to the extent permitted by law, deduct any such tax
obligations from any payment of any kind otherwise due to a Participant.

         (f) Amendment of Award. The Board may amend, modify or terminate any
outstanding Award, including but not limited to, substituting therefor another
Award of the same or a different type, changing the date of exercise or
realization, and converting an Incentive Stock Option to a Nonstatutory Stock
Option, provided that the Participant's consent to such action shall be required
unless the Board determines that the action, taking into account any related
action, would not materially and adversely affect the Participant.

         (g) Conditions on Delivery of Stock. The Company will not be obligated
to deliver any shares of Common Stock pursuant to the Plan or to remove
restrictions from shares

                                      -6-
<PAGE>
previously delivered under the Plan until (i) all conditions of the Award have
been met or removed to the satisfaction of the Company, (ii) in the opinion of
the Company's counsel, all other legal matters in connection with the issuance
and delivery of such shares have been satisfied, including any applicable
securities laws and any applicable stock exchange or stock market rules and
regulations, and (iii) the Participant has executed and delivered to the Company
such representations or agreements as the Company may consider appropriate to
satisfy the requirements of any applicable laws, rules or regulations.

         (h) Acceleration. The Board may at any time provide that any Award
shall become immediately exercisable in full or in part, free of some or all
restrictions or conditions, or otherwise realizable in full or in part, as the
case may be.

9.       Miscellaneous

         (a) No Right To Employment or Other Status. No person shall have any
claim or right to be granted an Award, and the grant of an Award shall not be
construed as giving a Participant the right to continued employment or any other
relationship with the Company. The Company expressly reserves the right at any
time to dismiss or otherwise terminate its relationship with a Participant free
from any liability or claim under the Plan, except as expressly provided in the
applicable Award.

         (b) No Rights As Stockholder. Subject to the provisions of the
applicable Award, no Participant or Designated Beneficiary shall have any rights
as a stockholder with respect to any shares of Common Stock to be distributed
with respect to an Award until becoming the record holder of such shares.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event the Company effects a split of the
Common Stock by means of a stock dividend and the exercise price of and the
number of shares subject to such Option are adjusted as of the date of the
distribution of the dividend (rather than as of the record date for such
dividend), then an optionee who exercises an Option between the record date and
the distribution date for such stock dividend shall be entitled to receive, on
the distribution date, the stock dividend with respect to the shares of Common
Stock acquired upon such Option exercise, notwithstanding the fact that such
shares were not outstanding as of the close of business on the record date for
such stock dividend.

         (c) Effective Date and Term of Plan. The Plan shall become effective on
the date on which it is adopted by the Board, but no Award granted to a
Participant that is intended to comply with Section 162(m) shall become
exercisable, vested or realizable, as applicable to such Award, unless and until
the Plan has been approved by the Company's stockholders to the extent
stockholder approval is required by Section 162(m) in the manner required under
Section 162(m) (including the vote required under Section 162(m)). No Awards
shall be granted under the Plan after the completion of ten years from the
earlier of (i) the date on which the Plan was adopted by the Board or (ii) the
date the Plan was approved by the Company's stockholders, but Awards previously
granted may extend beyond that date.

         (d) Amendment of Plan. The Board may amend, suspend or terminate the
Plan or any portion thereof at any time, provided that to the extent required by
Section 162(m), no Award granted to a Participant that is intended to comply
with Section 162(m) after the date of such amendment shall become exercisable,
realizable or vested, as applicable to such Award,

                                      -7-
<PAGE>
unless and until such amendment shall have been approved by the Company's
stockholders as required by Section 162(m) (including the vote required under
Section 162(m)).

         (e) Governing Law. The provisions of the Plan and all Awards made
hereunder shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of
the State of Delaware, without regard to any applicable conflicts of law.


                         Adopted by the Board of Directors on April 30, 2001

                         Approved by the Company's stockholders on [_____], 2001



                                       -8-




</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
