<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>exhibit10_10q010703.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10 - 2002 STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN
<TEXT>
                                                                      Exhibit 10



                            DARDEN RESTAURANTS, INC.
                            2002 STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN


Section 1.     Purpose

               The  purpose  of the  Plan is to  promote  the  interests  of the
Company and its  shareholders  by aiding the Company in attracting and retaining
employees, officers, consultants, advisors and non-employee Directors capable of
assuring the future success of the Company,  to offer such persons incentives to
put forth  maximum  efforts for the  success of the  Company's  business  and to
compensate  such persons through various  stock-based  arrangements  and provide
them with opportunities for stock ownership in the Company, thereby aligning the
interests of such persons with the Company's shareholders.

Section 2.     Definitions

               As used in the Plan, the following  terms shall have the meanings
set forth below:

              (a)  "Affiliate"  shall  mean (i) any  entity  that,  directly  or
indirectly through one or more intermediaries,  is controlled by the Company and
(ii) any entity in which the Company has a significant equity interest,  in each
case as determined by the Committee.

              (b)  "Award"  shall mean any  Option,  Stock  Appreciation  Right,
Restricted Stock,  Restricted Stock Unit,  Dividend  Equivalent,  Stock Award or
Other Stock-Based Award granted under the Plan.

              (c)  "Award Agreement" shall mean any written agreement,  contract
or other instrument or document evidencing an Award granted under the Plan. Each
Award Agreement  shall be subject to the applicable  terms and conditions of the
Plan and any  other  terms  and  conditions  (not  inconsistent  with the  Plan)
determined by the Committee.

               (d) "Board" shall mean the Board of Directors of the Company.

               (e)  "Code"  shall mean the  Internal  Revenue  Code of 1986,  as
amended from time to time, and any regulations promulgated thereunder.

               (f)  "Committee"  shall mean the  Compensation  Committee  of the
Board.  The  Committee  shall be  comprised  of not less  than  such  number  of
Directors  as shall be  required  to  permit  Awards  granted  under the Plan to
qualify  under  Rule  16b-3,  and  each  member  of  the  Committee  shall  be a
"Non-Employee  Director"  within  the  meaning  of Rule  16b-3  and an  "outside
director"  within the meaning of Section 162(m) of the Code. The Company expects
to have the Plan  administered in accordance with the requirements for the award
of  "qualified  performance-based  compensation"  within the  meaning of Section
162(m) of the Code.

               (g)  "Company"  shall mean Darden  Restaurants,  Inc.,  a Florida
corporation.

               (h) "Director" shall mean a member of the Board.

<PAGE>


               (i)  "Dividend  Equivalent"  shall mean any right  granted  under
Section 6(d) of the Plan.

               (j)   "Eligible   Person"  shall  mean  any  employee,   officer,
consultant,  advisor or non-employee  Director providing services to the Company
or any Affiliate whom the Committee determines to be an Eligible Person.

               (k)  "Exchange  Act" shall mean the  Securities  Exchange  Act of
1934, as amended.

               (l)  "Fair Market Value" shall mean, with respect to any property
(including, without limitation, any Shares or other securities), the fair market
value of such  property  determined  by such methods or  procedures  as shall be
established from time to time by the Committee.  Notwithstanding  the foregoing,
unless otherwise determined by the Committee, the Fair Market Value of Shares on
a given  date for  purposes  of the  Plan  shall be the mean of the high and low
sales  prices of the Shares on the New York Stock  Exchange  as  reported in the
consolidated  transaction  reporting system on such date or, if such Exchange is
not open for trading on such date, on the most recent  preceding  date when such
Exchange is open for trading.

               (m)  "Incentive  Stock Option" shall mean an option granted under
Section  6(a) of the Plan that is intended to meet the  requirements  of Section
422 of the Code or any successor provision.

               (n)  "Non-Qualified  Stock Option"  shall mean an option  granted
under  Section 6(a) of the Plan that is not  intended to be an  Incentive  Stock
Option.

               (o)  "Option"   shall  mean  an  Incentive   Stock  Option  or  a
Non-Qualified Stock Option.

               (p) "Other  Stock-Based Award" shall mean any right granted under
Section 6(f) of the Plan.

               (q) "Participant"  shall mean an Eligible Person designated to be
granted an Award under the Plan.

               (r) "Person" shall mean any individual, corporation, partnership,
association or trust.

               (s) "Plan" shall mean this Darden  Restaurants,  Inc.  2002 Stock
Incentive Plan, as amended from time to time.

               (t) "Restricted Stock" shall mean any Share granted under Section
6(c) of the Plan.

               (u)  "Restricted  Stock Unit" shall mean any unit  granted  under
Section  6(c) of the Plan  evidencing  the  right to  receive a Share (or a cash
payment equal to the Fair Market Value of a Share) at some future date.

                                       2
<PAGE>


               (v)  "Rule  16b-3"  shall  mean  Rule  16b-3  promulgated  by the
Securities and Exchange  Commission under the Exchange Act or any successor rule
or regulation.

               (w)  "Shares"  shall mean  shares of Common  Stock,  without  par
value, of the Company or such other securities or property as may become subject
to Awards pursuant to an adjustment made under Section 4(c) of the Plan.

               (x) "Stock Appreciation Right" shall mean any right granted under
Section 6(b) of the Plan.

               (y) "Stock Award" shall mean any Share granted under Section 6(e)
of the Plan.

Section 3.      Administration.

               (a)  Power and  Authority of the  Committee.  The Plan shall be
administered by the Committee. Subject to the express provisions of the Plan and
to  applicable  law, the  Committee  shall have full power and authority to: (i)
designate Participants; (ii) determine the type or types of Awards to be granted
to each  Participant  under the Plan; (iii) determine the number of Shares to be
covered by (or the method by which payments or other rights are to be calculated
in connection  with) each Award;  (iv) determine the terms and conditions of any
Award or Award Agreement,  including, without limitation,  whether a Participant
shall be required to deposit  with the Company  shares of Common  Stock owned by
the  Participant  as a condition to receiving an Award;  (v) amend the terms and
conditions of any Award or Award Agreement,  provided,  however, that, except as
otherwise  provided in Section 4(c)  hereof,  the  Committee  shall not reprice,
adjust or amend  the  exercise  price of  Options  or the  grant  price of Stock
Appreciation  Rights  previously  awarded to any  Participant,  whether  through
amendment,  cancellation  and  replacement  grant,  or  any  other  means;  (vi)
accelerate the exercisability of any Award or the lapse of restrictions relating
to  any  Award;  (vii)  determine  whether,   to  what  extent  and  under  what
circumstances  Awards may be exercised in cash, Shares,  promissory notes, other
securities, other Awards or other property, or canceled, forfeited or suspended;
(viii)  determine  whether,  to what extent and under what  circumstances  cash,
Shares,  promissory notes,  other securities,  other Awards,  other property and
other amounts  payable with respect to an Award under the Plan shall be deferred
either  automatically  or at the  election  of the  holder  of the  Award or the
Committee;  (ix)  interpret  and  administer  the  Plan  and any  instrument  or
agreement,  including any Award Agreement,  relating to the Plan; (x) establish,
amend, suspend or waive such rules and regulations and appoint such agents as it
shall deem appropriate for the proper  administration of the Plan; and (xi) make
any other  determination  and take any other  action  that the  Committee  deems
necessary or desirable  for the  administration  of the Plan.  Unless  otherwise
expressly   provided   in   the   Plan,   all   designations,    determinations,
interpretations  and other  decisions  under or with  respect to the Plan or any
Award or Award  Agreement  shall be within the sole discretion of the Committee,
may be made at any time and  shall be final,  conclusive  and  binding  upon any
Participant,  any holder or beneficiary of any Award or Award Agreement, and any
employee of the Company or any Affiliate.

                (b)  Delegation.  The  Committee  may  delegate  its powers and
duties under the Plan to one or more Directors (including a Director who is also
a senior executive officer of the

                                       3
<PAGE>


Company) or a committee  of  Directors,  subject to such terms,  conditions  and
limitations  as the Committee may  establish in its sole  discretion;  provided,
however,  that the Committee  shall not delegate its powers and duties under the
Plan (i) with regard to officers or  directors  of the Company or any  Affiliate
who are  subject to Section 16 of the  Exchange  Act or (ii) in such a manner as
would cause the Plan not to comply with the  requirements  of Section  162(m) of
the Code.

                 (c)   Power  and   Authority   of  the   Board  of   Directors.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the Board may, at any
time and  from  time to time,  without  any  further  action  of the  Committee,
exercise  the  powers  and duties of the  Committee  under the Plan,  unless the
exercise  of such  powers  and duties by the Board  would  cause the Plan not to
comply with the requirements of Section 162(m) of the Code.

Section 4.        Shares Available for Awards.

                 (a)  Shares  Available.  Subject to  adjustment  as provided in
Section  4(c) of the Plan,  the  aggregate  number of Shares  that may be issued
under all Awards  under the Plan shall be  8,550,000.  Shares to be issued under
the Plan  will be  authorized  but  unissued  Shares  or  Shares  that have been
reacquired  by the Company and  designated  as  treasury  shares.  If any Shares
covered  by an  Award or to which an  Award  relates  are not  purchased  or are
forfeited  or are  reacquired  by the  Company  in  connection  with a  deferral
election  (including shares of Restricted  Stock,  whether or not dividends have
been paid on such shares),  or if an Award otherwise  terminates or is cancelled
without  delivery of any Shares,  then the number of Shares counted  against the
aggregate  number of Shares available under the Plan with respect to such Award,
to the extent of any such forfeiture,  reacquisition by the Company, termination
or cancellation, shall again be available for granting Awards under the Plan. In
addition,  any Shares that are used by a Participant as full or partial  payment
to the  Company of the  purchase or  exercise  price  relating to an Award or in
connection with the  satisfaction of tax obligations  relating to an Award shall
again be available for granting  Awards  (other than  Incentive  Stock  Options)
under the Plan.

                 (b)  Accounting for Awards.  For purposes of this Section 4, if
an Award entitles the holder thereof to receive or purchase  Shares,  the number
of Shares  covered by such Award or to which such Award relates shall be counted
on the date of grant of such  Award  against  the  aggregate  number  of  Shares
available for granting Awards under the Plan.

                 (c)   Adjustments.  In  the  event  that  the  Committee  shall
determine that any dividend or other distribution  (whether in the form of cash,
Shares,  other  securities or other  property),  recapitalization,  stock split,
reverse stock split, reorganization,  merger, consolidation, split-up, spin-off,
combination,  repurchase  or  exchange  of  Shares  or other  securities  of the
Company,  issuance  of  warrants  or other  rights to  purchase  Shares or other
securities  of the  Company  or other  similar  corporate  transaction  or event
affects the Shares such that an  adjustment is determined by the Committee to be
appropriate  in order to prevent  dilution  or  enlargement  of the  benefits or
potential  benefits  intended  to be made  available  under the  Plan,  then the
Committee  shall, in such manner as it may deem equitable,  adjust any or all of
(i) the number and type of Shares (or other  securities or other  property) that
thereafter may be made the


                                       4


<PAGE>

subject of Awards,  (ii) the number and type of Shares (or other  securities  or
other property) subject to outstanding Awards and (iii) the purchase or exercise
price with respect to any Award.

                 (d) Award Limitations Under the Plan

                     (i)  Section 162(m)  Limitation.  No Eligible Person may be
granted Options,  Stock  Appreciation  Rights or any other Award or Awards under
the Plan,  the value of which Award or Awards is based  solely on an increase in
the value of the Shares  after the date of grant of such  Award or  Awards,  for
more than 1,000,000 Shares (subject to adjustment as provided in Section 4(c) of
the Plan) in the aggregate in any calendar year. The foregoing annual limitation
specifically  includes the grant of any Award or Awards representing  "qualified
performance-based  compensation"  within the  meaning  of Section  162(m) of the
Code.

                    (ii)  Limitation on Restricted  Stock and  Restricted  Stock
Units.  No more than  1,700,000  Shares,  subject to  adjustment  as provided in
Section  4(c) of the  Plan,  shall be  available  under  the  Plan for  issuance
pursuant to grants of Restricted  Stock and  Restricted  Stock Units;  provided,
however,  that any Shares  covered by such Awards that expire,  terminate or are
forfeited shall again be available for grants of Restricted Stock and Restricted
Stock Units for purposes of this limitation on grants of such Awards.

                    (iii)   Limitation   on  Awards   Granted  to   Non-Employee
Directors.  Directors who are not also  employees of the Company or an Affiliate
may not be  granted  Awards  in the  aggregate  for more  than 5% of the  Shares
available  for Awards  under the Plan,  subject to  adjustment  as  provided  in
Section 4(c) of the Plan.

                    (iv)  Limitation on Incentive  Stock Options.  The number of
Shares  available for granting  Incentive Stock Options under the Plan shall not
exceed  8,550,000,  subject to adjustment as provided in the Plan and subject to
the provisions of Section 422 or 424 of the Code or any successor provision.

Section 5.        Eligibility

                  Any  Eligible  Person  shall be  eligible to be  designated  a
Participant.  In determining  which Eligible  Persons shall receive an Award and
the terms of any Award,  the  Committee  may take into account the nature of the
services  rendered  by  the  respective  Eligible  Persons,  their  present  and
potential  contributions to the success of the Company, or such other factors as
the  Committee,  in its  discretion,  shall deem relevant.  Notwithstanding  the
foregoing,  an  Incentive  Stock  Option  may only be granted  to  full-time  or
part-time  employees  (which term as used herein includes,  without  limitation,
officers and Directors who are also  employees),  and an Incentive  Stock Option
shall not be granted to an employee of an  Affiliate  unless such  Affiliate  is
also a  "subsidiary  corporation"  of the Company  within the meaning of Section
424(f) of the Code or any successor provision.

Section 6.        Awards

                 (a)  Options.  The  Committee  is  hereby  authorized  to grant
Options to Eligible  Persons with the following  terms and  conditions  and with
such additional terms and conditions not inconsistent with the provisions of the
Plan as the Committee shall determine:

                                       5
<PAGE>


                    (i) Exercise Price. The purchase price per Share purchasable
under an Option shall be  determined by the Committee and shall not be less than
100% of the Fair  Market  Value of a Share on the date of grant of such  Option;
provided,  however,  that the Committee may designate a per share exercise price
below  Fair  Market  Value on the date of grant (A) to the extent  necessary  or
appropriate,  as determined by the  Committee,  to satisfy  applicable  legal or
regulatory  requirements  of a  foreign  jurisdiction  or (B) if the  Option  is
granted in substitution for a stock option previously  granted by an entity that
is acquired by or merged with the Company or an Affiliate.

                    (ii)  Option Term. The term of each Option shall be fixed by
the Committee.

                    (iii)  Time and  Method of  Exercise.  The  Committee  shall
determine  the time or times at which an Option may be  exercised in whole or in
part and the  method  or  methods  by which,  and the form or forms  (including,
without  limitation,  cash, Shares,  promissory notes,  other securities,  other
Awards or other property, or any combination thereof, having a Fair Market Value
on the exercise date equal to the applicable  exercise price) in which,  payment
of the exercise  price with  respect  thereto may be made or deemed to have been
made. The Committee may permit a Participant to elect to defer receipt of all or
a portion of the Shares  issuable upon exercise of an Option,  all on such terms
and conditions as the Committee shall determine  (including through the terms of
the Company's FlexComp Plan).

                 (b)   Stock  Appreciation  Rights.  The  Committee  is  hereby
authorized to grant Stock Appreciation Rights to Eligible Persons subject to the
terms of the Plan and any applicable Award Agreement. A Stock Appreciation Right
granted  under the Plan shall  confer on the  holder  thereof a right to receive
upon  exercise  thereof the excess of (i) the Fair Market  Value of one Share on
the date of  exercise  (or, if the  Committee  shall so  determine,  at any time
during a specified  period  before or after the date of exercise)  over (ii) the
grant price of the Stock Appreciation Right as specified by the Committee, which
price shall not be less than 100% of the Fair  Market  Value of one Share on the
date of grant of the  Stock  Appreciation  Right;  provided,  however,  that the
Committee  may  designate a per share grant price below Fair Market Value on the
date of grant (A) to the extent  necessary or appropriate,  as determined by the
Committee,  to satisfy applicable legal or regulatory  requirements of a foreign
jurisdiction or (B) if the Stock  Appreciation  Right is granted in substitution
for a stock  appreciation right previously granted by an entity that is acquired
by or merged with the Company or an Affiliate.  Subject to the terms of the Plan
and any applicable Award Agreement,  the grant price, term, methods of exercise,
dates of exercise,  methods of settlement  and any other terms and conditions of
any Stock  Appreciation  Right  shall be as  determined  by the  Committee.  The
Committee  may impose such  conditions  or  restrictions  on the exercise of any
Stock Appreciation Right as it may deem appropriate.

                 (c) Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units. The Committee
is hereby  authorized to grant Awards of Restricted  Stock and Restricted  Stock
Units to Eligible  Persons with the following terms and conditions and with such
additional terms and conditions not inconsistent with the provisions of the Plan
as the Committee shall determine:

                    (i) Restrictions.  Shares of Restricted Stock and Restricted
Stock Units shall be subject to such  restrictions  as the  Committee may impose
(including,  without

                                       6
<PAGE>

limitation,  any limitation on the right to vote a Share of Restricted  Stock or
the right to receive  any  dividend  or other  right or  property  with  respect
thereto), which restrictions may lapse separately or in combination at such time
or  times,  in  such  installments  or  otherwise,  as the  Committee  may  deem
appropriate. The minimum vesting period of such Awards shall be three years from
the date of grant, unless the Award is conditioned on performance of the Company
or an Affiliate or on personal  performance  (other than continued  service with
the Company or an Affiliate),  in which case the Award may vest over a period of
at least one year from the date of grant.  Notwithstanding  the  foregoing,  the
Committee may permit  acceleration of vesting of such Awards in the event of the
Participant's  death,  disability  or  retirement  or a change in control of the
Company.

                    (ii)  Issuance and Delivery of Shares.  Any Restricted Stock
granted  under the Plan shall be issued at the time such  Awards are granted and
may be evidenced in such manner as the Committee may deem appropriate, including
book-entry  registration  or issuance of a stock  certificate  or  certificates,
which certificate or certificates shall be held by the Company. Such certificate
or  certificates  shall be registered in the name of the  Participant  and shall
bear an  appropriate  legend  referring to the  restrictions  applicable to such
Restricted Stock. Shares representing Restricted Stock that is no longer subject
to  restrictions  shall be  delivered  to the  Participant  promptly  after  the
applicable  restrictions  lapse or are waived.  In the case of Restricted  Stock
Units,  no Shares shall be issued at the time such Awards are granted.  Upon the
lapse or waiver of restrictions and the restricted period relating to Restricted
Stock Units evidencing the right to receive Shares,  such Shares shall be issued
and  delivered to the holder of the  Restricted  Stock Units.  The Committee may
permit a  Participant  to elect to transfer  shares of  Restricted  Stock to the
Company in exchange for a deferred  compensation right or Restricted Stock Units
or elect to defer  receipt  of all or a  portion  of the  Shares,  cash or other
property  subject to Awards of  Restricted  Stock  Units,  all on such terms and
conditions as the Committee shall determine  (including through the terms of the
Company's FlexComp Plan).

                    (iii)  Forfeiture.  Except as  otherwise  determined  by the
Committee,  upon a  Participant's  termination  of employment or  resignation or
removal as a Director (in either case, as determined under criteria  established
by the  Committee)  during  the  applicable  restriction  period,  all Shares of
Restricted  Stock and all Restricted Stock Units held by the Participant at such
time shall be forfeited and reacquired by the Company;  provided,  however, that
the Committee  may, when it finds that a waiver would be in the best interest of
the Company,  waive in whole or in part any or all remaining  restrictions  with
respect to Shares of Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Units.

                 (d) Dividend Equivalents. The Committee is hereby authorized to
grant Dividend Equivalents to Eligible Persons under which the Participant shall
be entitled to receive payments (in cash, Shares, other securities, other Awards
or other property as determined in the  discretion of the Committee)  equivalent
to the amount of cash  dividends  paid by the  Company to holders of Shares with
respect to a number of Shares determined by the Committee.  Subject to the terms
of the Plan and any applicable  Award Agreement,  such Dividend  Equivalents may
have such terms and conditions as the Committee shall determine.

                 (e)  Stock Awards.  The Committee is hereby authorized to grant
to a  Director,  who is not also an  employee  of the  Company or an  Affiliate,
Shares without restrictions thereon,

                                       7
<PAGE>

as  deemed by the  Committee  to be  consistent  with the  purpose  of the Plan.
Subject to the terms of the Plan and any applicable Award Agreement,  such Stock
Awards may have such terms and conditions as the Committee shall determine.

                 (f)   Other  Stock-Based   Awards.   The  Committee  is  hereby
authorized to grant to Eligible  Persons such other Awards that are  denominated
or payable in, valued in whole or in part by reference to, or otherwise based on
or related to, Shares (including,  without  limitation,  securities  convertible
into Shares),  as are deemed by the Committee to be consistent  with the purpose
of the Plan.  The Committee  shall  determine  the terms and  conditions of such
Awards,  subject to the terms of the Plan and the Award  Agreement.  Shares,  or
other  securities  delivered  pursuant to a purchase  right  granted  under this
Section 6(f),  shall be purchased for  consideration  having a value equal to at
least 100% of the Fair Market  Value of such Shares or other  securities  on the
date the purchase right is granted.  The  consideration  paid by the Participant
may be paid by such  method or  methods  and in such  form or forms  (including,
without  limitation,  cash, Shares,  promissory notes,  other securities,  other
Awards or other property,  or any combination  thereof),  as the Committee shall
determine.

                 (g) General.

                     (i)  Consideration for Awards. Awards may be granted for no
cash  consideration or for any cash or other  consideration as may be determined
by the Committee or required by applicable law.

                     (ii)  Awards May Be Granted Separately or Together.  Awards
may, in the discretion of the Committee,  be granted either alone or in addition
to, in tandem with or in  substitution  for any other Award or any award granted
under any other plan of the Company or any Affiliate. Awards granted in addition
to or in tandem  with other  Awards or in  addition  to or in tandem with awards
granted  under any other  plan of the  Company or any  Affiliate  may be granted
either at the same time as or at a  different  time from the grant of such other
Awards or awards.

                     (iii)  Forms of Payment under Awards.  Subject to the terms
of the Plan and of any applicable Award  Agreement,  payments or transfers to be
made by the Company or an  Affiliate  upon the grant,  exercise or payment of an
Award  may be made in  such  form or  forms  as the  Committee  shall  determine
(including,   without   limitation,   cash,  Shares,   promissory  notes,  other
securities, other Awards or other property, or any combination thereof), and may
be made in a single payment or transfer, in installments or on a deferred basis,
in each  case  in  accordance  with  rules  and  procedures  established  by the
Committee. Such rules and procedures may include, without limitation, provisions
for the payment or crediting of reasonable  interest on  installment or deferred
payments or the grant or  crediting  of  Dividend  Equivalents  with  respect to
installment or deferred payments.

                     (iv)  Term of Awards. The term of each Award shall be for a
period not longer than 10 years from the date of grant.

                     (v)  Limits on  Transfer  of  Awards.  Except as  otherwise
provided by the Committee or the terms of this Plan, no Award and no right under
any such Award shall be

                                       8
<PAGE>

transferable  by a Participant  other than by will or by the laws of descent and
distribution. The Committee may establish procedures as it deems appropriate for
a Participant to designate a Person or Persons, as beneficiary or beneficiaries,
to exercise the rights of the Participant and receive any property distributable
with  respect  to  any  Award  in the  event  of the  Participant's  death.  Any
Participant who is subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act and has reached age
55 and has at least 10 years of service with the Company and its  Affiliates may
transfer a  Non-Qualified  Stock Option to any "family  member" (as such term is
defined  in the  General  Instructions  to Form  S-8 (or any  successor  to such
Instructions  or such Form) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended) at any
time that such Participant  holds such Option,  provided that such transfers may
not be for  value  (i.e.,  the  transferor  may not  receive  any  consideration
therefor) and the family member may not make any subsequent transfers other than
by will or by the laws of descent and distribution. Each Award under the Plan or
right  under  any such  Award  shall be  exercisable  during  the  Participant's
lifetime  only by the  Participant  (except  as  provided  herein or in an Award
Agreement or amendment thereto relating to a Non-Qualified  Stock Option) or, if
permissible  under  applicable  law,  by the  Participant's  guardian  or  legal
representative.  No  Award  or  right  under  any  such  Award  may be  pledged,
alienated,   attached  or  otherwise  encumbered,   and  any  purported  pledge,
alienation,  attachment or encumbrance  thereof shall be void and  unenforceable
against the Company or any Affiliate.

                     (vi) Restrictions;  Securities Exchange Listing. All Shares
or other  securities  delivered  under  the Plan  pursuant  to any  Award or the
exercise thereof shall be subject to such restrictions as the Committee may deem
advisable  under the  Plan,  applicable  federal  or state  securities  laws and
regulatory  requirements,  and the Committee may cause appropriate entries to be
made or  legends  to be  placed  on the  certificates  for such  Shares or other
securities to reflect such  restrictions.  If the Shares or other securities are
traded on a securities  exchange,  the Company  shall not be required to deliver
any Shares or other securities  covered by an Award unless and until such Shares
or other securities have been admitted for trading on such securities exchange.

Section 7.        Amendment and Termination; Corrections.

                 (a)  Amendments  to the  Plan.  The Board of  Directors  of the
Company may amend, alter, suspend,  discontinue or terminate the Plan; provided,
however,  that,  notwithstanding  any other  provision  of the Plan or any Award
Agreement,  prior approval of the  shareholders of the Company shall be required
for any amendment to the Plan that:

                     (i)  requires  shareholder  approval  under  the  rules  or
regulations  of the  Securities  and  Exchange  Commission,  the New York  Stock
Exchange,   any  other  securities  exchange  or  the  National  Association  of
Securities Dealers, Inc. that are applicable to the Company;

                     (ii)  increases the number of shares  authorized  under the
Plan as specified in Section 4(a) of the Plan;

                     (iii)  increases  the  number  of  shares  subject  to  the
limitations contained in Section 4(d) of the Plan;

                                       9
<PAGE>


                     (iv)  permits  repricing  of Options or Stock  Appreciation
Rights which is prohibited by Section 3(a)(v) of the Plan; and

                     (v)  permits  the award of  Options  or Stock  Appreciation
Rights at a price less than 100% of the Fair Market Value of a Share on the date
of grant of such Option or Stock Appreciation Right,  contrary to the provisions
of Sections 6(a)(i) and 6(b)(ii) of the Plan.

                 (b)  Amendments  to Awards.  Subject to the  provisions  of the
Plan,  the Committee may waive any  conditions of or rights of the Company under
any  outstanding  Award,  prospectively  or  retroactively.  Except as otherwise
provided in the Plan, the Committee may amend,  alter,  suspend,  discontinue or
terminate any outstanding  Award,  prospectively or  retroactively,  but no such
action may  adversely  affect the rights of the holder of such Award without the
consent of the Participant or holder or beneficiary thereof.

                 (c) Correction of Defects,  Omissions and Inconsistencies.  The
Committee  may  correct  any  defect,  supply  any  omission  or  reconcile  any
inconsistency  in the Plan or in any Award or Award  Agreement in the manner and
to the extent it shall deem desirable to implement or maintain the effectiveness
of the Plan.

Section 8.        Income Tax Withholding.

                  In  order to comply with all applicable federal,  state, local
or foreign income tax laws or  regulations,  the Company may take such action as
it deems  appropriate to ensure that all  applicable  federal,  state,  local or
foreign  payroll,  withholding,  income or other  taxes,  which are the sole and
absolute  responsibility  of a Participant,  are withheld or collected from such
Participant.  In order to assist a Participant in paying all or a portion of the
applicable taxes to be withheld or collected upon exercise or receipt of (or the
lapse of restrictions  relating to) an Award,  the Committee,  in its discretion
and subject to such additional  terms and conditions as it may adopt, may permit
the  Participant  to satisfy  such tax  obligation  by (a)  electing to have the
Company withhold a portion of the Shares otherwise to be delivered upon exercise
or receipt of (or the lapse of restrictions  relating to) such Award with a Fair
Market Value equal to the amount of such taxes or (b)  delivering to the Company
Shares other than Shares  issuable  upon exercise or receipt of (or the lapse of
restrictions  relating  to) such Award  with a Fair  Market  Value  equal to the
amount of such taxes.  The election,  if any, must be made on or before the date
that the amount of tax to be withheld is determined.

Section 9.        General Provisions.

                  (a)  No Rights to Awards.  No Eligible Person,  Participant or
other  Person  shall have any claim to be granted any Award under the Plan,  and
there  is no  obligation  for  uniformity  of  treatment  of  Eligible  Persons,
Participants or holders or beneficiaries of Awards under the Plan. The terms and
conditions  of Awards need not be the same with  respect to any  Participant  or
with respect to different Participants.

                  (b)  Award Agreements.  No Participant shall have rights under
an Award granted to such  Participant  unless and until an Award Agreement shall
have been duly  executed  on behalf of the  Company  and,  if  requested  by the
Company, signed by the Participant.

                                       10
<PAGE>


                  (c)  No  Rights  of  Shareholders.   Except  with  respect  to
Restricted Stock and Stock Awards,  neither a Participant nor the  Participant's
legal  representative  shall be, or have any of the rights and  privileges of, a
shareholder of the Company with respect to any Shares issuable upon the exercise
or payment of any Award,  in whole or in part,  unless and until the Shares have
been issued.

                  (d)  No  Limit on Other  Compensation  Plans or  Arrangements.
Nothing  contained in the Plan shall prevent the Company or any  Affiliate  from
adopting or  continuing  in effect  other or  additional  compensation  plans or
arrangements,  and such plans or arrangements may be either generally applicable
or applicable only in specific cases.

                  (e)  No Right to Employment or  Directorship.  The grant of an
Award shall not be construed as giving a Participant the right to be retained as
an employee of the Company or any  Affiliate,  or a Director to be retained as a
Director, nor will it affect in any way the right of the Company or an Affiliate
to terminate a  Participant's  employment at any time, with or without cause. In
addition, the Company or an Affiliate may at any time dismiss a Participant from
employment  free from any  liability  or any claim  under the Plan or any Award,
unless otherwise expressly provided in the Plan or in any Award Agreement.

                  (f)  Governing  Law.  The  internal  law,  and  not the law of
conflicts,  of the State of Florida,  shall govern all questions  concerning the
validity,  construction  and effect of the Plan or any Award,  and any rules and
regulations relating to the Plan or any Award.

                  (g) Severability. If any provision of the Plan or any Award is
or  becomes  or is  deemed  to be  invalid,  illegal  or  unenforceable  in  any
jurisdiction  or would  disqualify  the Plan or any Award  under any law  deemed
applicable by the Committee, such provision shall be construed or deemed amended
to conform to applicable laws, or if it cannot be so construed or deemed amended
without, in the determination of the Committee,  materially altering the purpose
or intent of the Plan or the Award,  such provision shall be stricken as to such
jurisdiction  or Award,  and the  remainder  of the Plan or any such Award shall
remain in full force and effect.

                  (h)  No Trust or Fund Created.  Neither the Plan nor any Award
shall create or be construed to create a trust or separate fund of any kind or a
fiduciary relationship between the Company or any Affiliate and a Participant or
any other  Person.  To the extent  that any  Person  acquires a right to receive
payments  from the Company or any  Affiliate  pursuant  to an Award,  such right
shall be no greater  than the right of any  unsecured  general  creditor  of the
Company or any Affiliate.

                  (i) No Fractional Shares. No fractional Shares shall be issued
or  delivered  pursuant  to the  Plan  or any  Award,  and the  Committee  shall
determine  whether cash shall be paid in lieu of any fractional Share or whether
such  fractional  Share or any rights  thereto shall be canceled,  terminated or
otherwise eliminated.

                  (j)   Headings.   Headings  are  given  to  the  Sections  and
subsections  of the Plan solely as a convenience to facilitate  reference.  Such
headings shall not be deemed in any way material or relevant to the construction
or interpretation of the Plan or any provision thereof.

                                       11
<PAGE>


Section 10.       Effective Date of the Plan.

                  The  Plan shall be subject to approval by the  shareholders of
the Company at the annual meeting of  shareholders  of the Company to be held in
2002  and the  Plan  shall  be  effective  as of the  date  of such  shareholder
approval.

Section 11.       Term of the Plan.

                  Awards  may be  granted  under  the  Plan  until  the  Plan is
terminated by the Board or until all Shares  available for Awards under the Plan
have been purchased or acquired, provided, however, that Incentive Stock Options
may not be granted following the 10-year  anniversary of the Board's adoption of
the Plan. The Plan shall remain in effect as long as any Awards are outstanding.



                                       12
<PAGE>

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
