<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex2-1.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EX-2.1 PURCHASE AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
                                                                     EXHIBIT 2.1


                   AGREEMENT FOR PURCHASE OF ASSETS AND STOCK


          THIS  AGREEMENT FOR PURCHASE OF ASSETS AND STOCK is made and effective
as of the 31st day of December, 2002, by and among TARRANT MEXICO, S. de R.L. de
C.V., a corporation organized under the laws of the Republic of Mexico ("Tarrant
Mexico"), MACHRIMA LUXEMBOURG INTERNATIONAL, Sarl, a corporation organized under
the laws of Luxembourg  ("Tarrant  Luxembourg" and together with Tarrant Mexico,
the  "Purchasers"),  TRANS TEXTIL  INTERNATIONAL,  S.A. de C.V.,  a  corporation
organized  under the laws of the  Republic  of Mexico  ("Textil"),  INMOBILIARIA
CUADROS, S.A. de C.V., a corporation organized under the laws of the Republic of
Mexico  ("Inmobiliaria"),  ROSA LISETTE  NACIF  BENAVIDES  ("RLNB"),  GAZI NACIF
BORGE, and JORGE MIGUEL ECHEVARRIA VAZQUEZ  (collectively,  the "Shareholders"),
KAMEL NACIF BORGE (the  "Guarantor"),  and TARRANT  APPAREL GROUP, a corporation
organized under the laws of the State of California (the "Parent"), with respect
to the following facts:

     A.   Textil owns certain equipment which is used by it in the manufacturing
of denim and twill fabric.

     B.   Inmobiliaria  owns,  and  leases  to  Textil,   certain  real  estate,
buildings,   improvements   and  fixtures  which  are  used  by  Textil  in  the
manufacturing of denim and twill fabric.

     C.   Jorge Miguel Echevarria  Vazquez and Rosa Lisette Nacif Benavides (the
"Inmobiliaria Shareholders") own all the issued and outstanding capital stock of
Inmobiliaria.

     D.   Gazi  Nacif  Borge  and Rosa  Lisette  Nacif  Benavides  (the  "Textil
Shareholders") own all the issued and outstanding capital stock of Textil,

     E.   The Parent owns, through one or more subsidiaries,  all the issued and
outstanding capital stock of Tarrant Mexico and Tarrant Luxembourg.

     F.   The  Purchasers  desire to purchase  from Textil and the  Inmobiliaria
Shareholders, and Textil and the Inmobiliaria Shareholders desire to sell to the
Purchasers,  (i) all such  equipment  and (ii) all the  issued  and  outstanding
capital  stock of  Inmobiliaria,  all upon the  terms and  conditions  contained
herein.

          ACCORDINGLY,  subject to the terms and  conditions of this  Agreement,
and on the basis of the premises,  representations,  warranties  and  agreements
contained herein, the parties hereto agree as follows:

     1.   PURCHASE AND SALE OF ASSETS

          1.1  PURCHASE AND SALE.

               (a)  Except as provided  in Section  1.1(b),  Textil  shall sell,
          assign,  transfer,  convey and deliver to Tarrant Mexico,  and Tarrant
          Mexico shall  purchase  and take from Textil,  on the Closing Date (as
          defined  below),  all  property and assets which are used by Textil in
          connection with the  manufacturing  of denim and twill fabric,  as the
          same shall exist on the Closing Date (the  "Assets"),  including,  but
          not limited to, the property and assets set forth on SCHEDULE 1.1(a).

               (b)  Notwithstanding  Section  1.1(a),  Textil  shall  not  sell,
          assign,  transfer,  convey or deliver to Tarrant Mexico hereunder, and
          shall retain,  the property and assets of Textil set forth on SCHEDULE
          1.1(b).


<PAGE>


          1.2  PURCHASE PRICE.

               (a)  In  consideration  of the  sale  of the  Assets  to  Tarrant
          Mexico, Tarrant Mexico shall pay or deliver to Textil U.S. $42,000,000
          (the "Asset  Purchase  Price")  (subject to  adjustment as provided in
          Section 3.2), which Asset Purchase Price shall be paid by cancellation
          as of the Closing  Date of  $42,000,000  of  principal  amount of that
          certain  Secured  Promissory Note of Textil payable to Tarrant Mexico,
          dated October 16, 2000, as amended (the "Note").

               (b)  The Asset Purchase Price shall be allocated among the Assets
          as set forth on SCHEDULE 1.2(b).

          1.3  NO ASSUMPTION OF LIABILITIES.

               (a)  Tarrant  Mexico shall  purchase and take the Assets free and
          clear of all liens, claims, charges, encumbrances, security interests,
          equities, restrictions on use, liabilities,  obligations, expenses and
          debts   ("liabilities"),   known  and   unknown,   whether   absolute,
          contingent, accrued or otherwise.

               (b)  Textil and the  Shareholders,  jointly and severally,  shall
          pay or perform, and shall defend,  indemnify and hold harmless Tarrant
          Mexico from, any and all liabilities which arise or result from or are
          related to,  directly  or  indirectly,  the Assets or the  business or
          operations of Textil or the Shareholders,  or any of them, whether the
          same arise before or after the Closing Date.

          1.4  DELIVERY OF ASSETS.

               (a)  Delivery of possession of the Assets shall be deemed to have
          occurred for all purposes at 11:59 p.m. (local time) on the day before
          the  Closing  Date,  and all risk of loss,  whether or not  covered by
          insurance, shall be borne by Textil until such date and time and shall
          be borne by Tarrant Mexico thereafter.

               On the Closing Date,  Textil shall  deliver to Tarrant  Mexico at
          the  Plant  (as  defined  below)  physical  possession  of the  Assets
          wherever  located.   With  respect  to  any  Assets  which  cannot  be
          physically  delivered  because  they  are in the  possession  of third
          parties, or otherwise,  Textil shall give irrevocable  instructions to
          the party in possession  thereof that all right, title and interest in
          and to the same shall have been  vested in Tarrant  Mexico,  and shall
          take  such  further  action  and  execute  and  deliver  such  further
          documents,  at  Textil's  sole cost and  expense,  as  Tarrant  Mexico
          reasonably  may request to cause any such person to deliver any Assets
          held by it to Tarrant Mexico at the Plant. The term "Plant" shall mean
          the real estate, buildings,  improvements and fixtures related to that
          certain denim and twill fabric manufacturing  facility located at Lote
          1 A,B,C, S/N, San Diego Xocoyucan, Corredor Industrial,  Ixtlacuixtla,
          Tlaxcala,  Mexico,  C.P. 90700,  including the real property known as:
          "(i) Predio Rustico sin  Construccion,  Lote Uno "C",  ubicado en Sec.
          4ta., del  Fraccionamiento  San Diego Xocoyucan,  Ixtacuixtla,  Tlax.;
          (ii) Predio Rustico sin  Construccion,  Lote Uno "B",  Ubicado en Sec.
          4ta., Fraccionamiento San Diego Xocoyucan,  Ixtacuixtla,  Tlax.; (iii)
          Lote Uno "A", del Ex-Rancho San Deigo Xocoyucan,  Ixtacuixtla,  Tlax.,
          (iv) Lote Uno "C", en que se  fracciono  la  Ex-Hacienda  de San Diego
          Xocoyucan,  Ixtacuixtla, Tlax.; (v) Lotes Uno "D" y Uno "E" del predio
          rustico  conocido como Crustitla,  de la Antigua Hacienda de San Diego
          Xocoyucan,  Lardizabal,  Tlax.;  (vi) Lote de terreno  No. 2,  Seccion
          Cuarta del Frac. Hacienda de San Diego Xocoyucan, Ixtacuixtla, Tlax."

               (b)  On the Closing Date,  and from time to time  thereafter,  at
          the  request of Tarrant  Mexico,  Textil  and the  Shareholders  shall
          execute and deliver to Tarrant  Mexico all such deeds,  bills of sale,
          endorsements,   assignments,   consents   and  other   documents   and
          instruments of conveyance, transfer, assignment and further assurances
          as shall be necessary or desirable, in the


                                       2


<PAGE>


          reasonable  opinion of counsel  to  Tarrant  Mexico,  to vest in or to
          confirm in Tarrant Mexico good title in and to the Assets.

          1.5  EMPLOYEES.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in
     this Agreement, Tarrant Mexico will not be considered a "Patron Substituto"
     under Mexican Labor Laws as a result of this  Agreement and Tarrant  Mexico
     shall have no obligation  to employ,  and shall not assume any liability of
     Textil to, any employee,  consultant or agent of Textil, including, but not
     limited  to,  any  liability  for wages,  bonuses,  accrued  vacation  pay,
     benefits or the promise of future employment.  Textil, the Shareholders and
     the Guarantor,  jointly and  severally,  shall  indemnify,  defend and hold
     harmless Tarrant Mexico and its affiliates from any such liability.

     2.   PURCHASE AND SALE OF SHARES

          2.1  PURCHASE  AND SALE.  The  Inmobiliaria  Shareholders  shall sell,
     assign, transfer, convey and deliver to the Purchasers,  and the Purchasers
     shall purchase and take from the Inmobiliaria Shareholders,  on the Closing
     Date,  all the  issued  and  outstanding  shares  of the  capital  stock of
     Inmobiliaria (the "Shares").  Each of Tarrant Mexico and Tarrant Luxembourg
     shall purchase from the Inmobiliaria  Shareholders the number of Shares set
     forth opposite its respective name in SCHEDULE 2.1.

          2.2  PURCHASE PRICE.

               (a)  In  consideration  of the sale of the Shares to be purchased
          by  Tarrant  Mexico,  Tarrant  Mexico  shall  pay  or  deliver  to the
          Inmobiliaria Shareholders, on the Closing Date, U.S. $499.00.

               (b)  In  consideration  of the sale of the Shares to be purchased
          by  Tarrant   Luxembourg,   Tarrant   Luxembourg   shall  pay  to  the
          Inmobiliaria Shareholders, on the Closing Date, U.S $1.00.

               (c)  The  consideration  to be  paid  by  the  Purchasers  to the
          Inmobiliaria Shareholders pursuant to Sections 2.2(a) and (b) shall be
          referred to herein collectively as the "Share Purchase Price."

               (d)  The Share  Purchase  Price  shall be  allocated  between the
          Inmobiliaria Shareholders as set forth on SCHEDULE 2.2.

     3.   CLOSING

          3.1  CLOSING DATE.  The purchase and sale of the Assets and the Shares
     contemplated  by this Agreement shall take place at 10:00 a.m. (local time)
     on December  31, 2002 at the  offices of Business &  Technology  Law Group,
     LLP,  located at 15821 Ventura  Boulevard,  Suite 525,  Encino,  California
     91436, or at such other time or place as may be mutually agreed upon by the
     parties in writing.  The date on which the  purchase and sale of the Assets
     and the Shares  contemplated by this Agreement shall take place is referred
     to herein  as the  "Closing  Date." On the  Closing  Date,  Textil  and the
     Shareholders  shall deliver to Tarrant  Mexico the Purchasers the Assets in
     accordance  with  Section 1.4, and the  certificates  representing  all the
     Shares duly endorsed for transfer to Tarrant Mexico and Tarrant  Luxembourg
     in proportion to their respective interests therein, against receipt of the
     Asset Purchase Price and the Share Purchase Price.  All deliveries shall be
     considered to have taken place  simultaneously  as a single  transaction on
     the Closing Date.

          3.2  RIGHT OF OFFSET. The Purchasers shall have the right, but not the
     obligation,  to pay any amount or to  perform  any  obligations  of Textil,
     Inmobiliaria  or the  Shareholders  if the  Purchasers,  in their  sole and
     absolute  discretion,  determine  that the failure to pay such amount or to
     perform such obligation  could have a material adverse effect on the Assets
     or the business of the Purchasers associated therewith,  including, but not
     limited to, any amount which is payable or obligation  which is required to
     be


                                       3


<PAGE>


     performed  by  Textil or the  Shareholders  under  any  collective  bargain
     agreement   "Contrato   Colectivo  de  Trabajo",   entered  by  Textil  and
     Inmobiliaria  with  any  Mexican  labor  union,  including  the  "Sindicato
     Industrial de Obreros Textiles y Similares;" PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that before
     the  Purchasers  shall pay any such amount or perform  any such  obligation
     they first  shall  notify  Textil or the  Shareholders  in writing of their
     intention  to do so and shall  give  Textil or the  Shareholders  three (3)
     business days to cure or contest such failure.  The  Purchasers  shall have
     the right to reduce either or both of the Asset Purchase Price or the Share
     Purchase Price by any such amount paid by the Purchasers and/or the cost to
     the Purchasers of any such obligation performed,  regardless of whether the
     amount  paid or costs  incurred  arose  with  respect  to the Assets or the
     Shares.  The Purchasers shall have the right to set off against any portion
     of the Asset Purchase Price and/or the Share Purchase  Price,  or to demand
     that  Textil and the  Shareholders  reimburse  the  Purchasers  promptly on
     demand for, any such amounts and/or costs or any other obligation of Textil
     or the Shareholders  under this Agreement  (including,  but not limited to,
     any obligation under Sections 9.2 or 9.3), and Textil and the Shareholders,
     jointly and severally, agree to promptly reimburse the Purchasers therefor.
     The  Purchasers'  rights under this Section 3.2 shall be in addition to any
     other  rights  or  remedies  of the  Purchasers  under  this  Agreement  or
     applicable law.

     4.   REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF TEXTIL AND THE SHAREHOLDERS

          Textil and the Shareholders,  jointly and severally,  hereby represent
and warrant to the  Purchasers  that the  statements  set forth in Sections  4.1
through 4.18 are true and correct.

          4.1  AUTHORITY TO ENTER AGREEMENT AND  ENFORCEABILITY.  Textil and the
     Shareholders each has all requisite right,  power and authority to execute,
     deliver and perform its or his respective  obligations under this Agreement
     and the other agreements and instruments  contemplated  hereby,  including,
     but not limited to, the sale, assignment, transfer, conveyance and delivery
     of the  Assets  and the  Shares to the  Purchasers  without  obtaining  the
     approval or consent of any other party, governmental body or authority; all
     proceedings  have been taken and all  authorizations  have been  secured by
     Textil and the Shareholders which are necessary to authorize the execution,
     delivery and  performance  of this  Agreement and the other  agreements and
     instruments  contemplated  hereby; and this Agreement and each of the other
     agreements  and  instruments  contemplated  hereby  is a legal,  valid  and
     binding agreement of Textil and the Shareholders and is enforceable against
     each of them in accordance with its terms.

          4.2  ORGANIZATION  AND  STANDING.  Textil and  Inmobiliaria  each is a
     corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the
     laws of the  Republic of Mexico,  with all  requisite  power and  authority
     (corporate  and other) to own, lease and operate its property and assets as
     now  owned,  leased  or  operated  and to  carry on its  businesses  as now
     conducted,  and is duly qualified to do business and is in good standing in
     each  jurisdiction in which the conduct of its businesses or the ownership,
     lease or use of its properties makes such qualification necessary.

          4.3  OWNERSHIP OF SHARES.  The Textil  Shareholders own all the issued
     and outstanding shares of the capital stock of Textil, and the Inmobiliaria
     Shareholders own all the issued and outstanding shares of the capital stock
     of  Inmobiliaria,  in each  case  free  and  clear  of any  liens,  claims,
     encumbrances,  security  interests,  equities,  restrictions  on  transfer,
     preemptive  rights or other  defects  in title of any kind or  description.
     There are no options,  warrants,  rights or other agreements or commitments
     outstanding or in existence which provide for the issuance of capital stock
     or other securities of Textil and Inmobiliaria, and there are no securities
     outstanding or in existence which are convertible  into or exchangeable for
     capital  stock or other  securities  of Textil and  Inmobiliaria.  Upon the
     Closing  Date,   the  Purchasers   shall  receive  from  the   Inmobiliaria
     Shareholders  good and marketable title to the Shares free and clear of all
     liens.  The  number  of  shares  of each  class  of the  capital  stock  of
     Inmobiliaria owned by each of the Inmobiliaria Shareholders is set forth on
     SCHEDULE 4.3.

          4.4  FINANCIAL  STATEMENTS.  SCHEDULE  4.4A  hereto  contains  (i) the
     audited  balance sheet of Inmobiliaria as of December 31, 2001, the audited
     statements  of income,  changes in  shareholders'  equity and cash flows of
     such company for the twelve  month period then ended and the notes  thereto
     and the  report  of  independent  auditors  (Mancera  Ernst & Young,  S.C.)
     thereon and (ii) the audited  balance sheet of Inmobiliaria as of September
     30, 2002 and the audited  statements  of income,  changes in  shareholders'


                                       4


<PAGE>


     equity and cash flows of such  company  for the nine  months then ended and
     the notes thereto and the report of independent  auditors  (Mancera Ernst &
     Young,  S.C.) thereon.  Except as set forth on SCHEDULE 4.4B, the foregoing
     financial  statements  (i) were  prepared  in  accordance  with  accounting
     principles  generally  accepted in the United States  consistently  applied
     throughout the period and (ii) fairly  present the financial  condition and
     results of operations of  Inmobiliaria  as at the dates and for the periods
     therein specified.  On the date hereof,  Inmobiliaria has no liabilities or
     obligations, whether contingent or absolute, direct or indirect, or matured
     or unmatured, which are not shown or provided for on the September 30, 2002
     balance sheet or set forth on SCHEDULE 4.4B hereto, and the Shareholders do
     not  know of any  basis  for  the  assertion  of any  such  liabilities  or
     obligations.

          4.5  TRADEMARKS, PATENTS, ETC. Neither Textil nor Inmobiliaria uses or
     owns any trade names, trademarks,  patents,  copyrights or registrations or
     applications  therefor in  connection  with,  and none is required for, the
     manufacturing  of denim or twill fabric by means of the Assets or the Plant
     as  presently  conducted  by  them.  Neither  Textil  nor  Inmobiliaria  is
     infringing any trade name, trademark,  patent,  copyright or other right of
     any third  party in  connection  with its  manufacturing  of denim or twill
     fabric by means of the Assets or the Plant.

          4.6  TAX MATTERS.  Textil and Inmobiliaria  each has properly prepared
     and  filed  returns  for and paid in full all  federal,  state,  local  and
     foreign  taxes,  assessments  and  penalties to the extent such filings and
     payments are required prior to the date hereof, and there is no outstanding
     or proposed  deficiency by any federal,  state, local or foreign government
     with respect to any tax period.  As of the date hereof,  neither Textil nor
     Inmobiliaria  is the  beneficiary  of any extension of time to file any tax
     return or pay any taxes and have no liability  with respect to taxes of any
     kind,  whether or not assessed.  Textil and Inmobiliaria  each has properly
     registered before all federal, state, local and foreign tax authorities and
     the Sistema Unico de Aportaciones  ("SUA"),  Instituto  Mexicano del Seguro
     Social  ("IMSS"),  Instituto  del Fondo  Nacional  Para La  Vivienda de Los
     Trabajadores   ("Infonavit"),   Fondo  Nacional  Para  El  Consumo  de  Los
     Trabajadores  ("Fonacot") and Sistema de Ahorro Para El Retiro ("SAR"). The
     term "taxes" shall  include,  but is not limited to,  income  taxes,  value
     added taxes,  asset taxes,  payroll  taxes,  import  duties,  real property
     taxes,  contributions  payments and assessments  regarding IMSS, Infonavit,
     Fonacot and SAR.

          4.7  INSURANCE.  Textil  and  Inmobiliaria  each  maintains,  and will
     maintain from the date hereof to the Closing Date, in full force and effect
     insurance  policies with  financially  sound and reputable  insurers on the
     Assets and the Plant of a character usually insured by companies engaged in
     the same or similar  businesses  against loss or damage of the kinds and in
     the amounts customarily insured against by such companies.

          4.8  LITIGATION. There are no suits, actions or legal, administrative,
     arbitration or other  proceedings or  investigations  pending or threatened
     by, against or involving  Textil or  Inmobiliaria  or, with respect only to
     those suits, actions, proceedings or investigations arising out of Textil's
     or Inmobiliaria's business,  pending or threatened by, against or involving
     the Shareholders or any of Textil's or Inmobiliaria's officers,  directors,
     shareholders, employees or agents.

          4.9  COMPLIANCE  WITH  LAWS  AND  OTHER   INSTRUMENTS.   Textil's  and
     Inmobiliaria's  businesses  have been and are being conducted in accordance
     with  all  applicable  laws,  ordinances,  rules  and  regulations  of  all
     authorities.  Neither  Textil nor  Inmobiliaria  is in violation  of, or in
     default  under,  any term or provision  of its  Escritura  Constitutiva  or
     Estatutos  Sociales  (as  amended or  revised)  or of any lien,  indenture,
     mortgage, lease, agreement, instrument, commitment or other arrangement, or
     subject to any restriction of any kind or character,  which could adversely
     affect  its  businesses  or the  Assets or the  Plant.  The  execution  and
     delivery  of  this  Agreement  and the  other  agreements  and  instruments
     contemplated hereby, and the consummation of the transactions  contemplated
     herein and therein,  will not conflict  with or result in the breach of any
     term or  provision  of,  or  constitute  a  default  under,  the  Escritura
     Constitutiva or Estatutos Sociales (as amended or revised) of either Textil
     or Inmobiliaria, or any statute, order, judgment, writ, injunction, decree,
     license, permit, approval,  authorization,  rule or regulation of any court
     or any governmental or regulatory body, or any agreement,  lease, contract,
     document, instrument,  commitment, obligation or arrangement of any kind or
     nature to which the Purchaser or the Shareholders is a party or by which it
     or he is bound.


                                       5


<PAGE>


          4.10 BROKERAGE AND FINDER'S FEES. Neither Textil, Inmobiliaria nor the
     Shareholders has incurred any liability to any broker,  finder or agent for
     any  brokerage  fees,  finder's  fees or  commissions  with  respect to the
     transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

          4.11 EMPLOYMENT  AGREEMENTS.  SCHEDULE  4.11  contains a complete  and
     correct list of all agreements with employees or independent contractors of
     Textil or  Inmobiliaria  not  cancelable  at will and all employee  benefit
     plans,  including,  but  not  limited  to,  (i) any  collective  bargaining
     agreement,  (ii) any  agreement  or plan  which  contains  any  obligation,
     liability or commitment for any vacation pay, severance or termination pay,
     sick or disability pay, pension or retirement  benefits,  bonuses or profit
     sharing,  deferred or delayed wages of any kind,  commissions  or incentive
     compensation  or  (iii)  any  group  medical,   dental,   vision,   health,
     hospitalization   or   disability   insurance   plans,   relating   to  the
     manufacturing of denim or twill fabric by means of the Assets or the Plant,
     or to any person employed in connection therewith.  Textil and Inmobiliaria
     each has performed all of its  obligations  required to be performed  under
     all such  agreements  and plans,  and is not in default or in arrears under
     any of the  respective  terms  thereof.  The  relationship  of  Textil  and
     Inmobiliaria with all employees or independent contractors is satisfactory.

          4.12 ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS.

               (a)  Neither  Textil nor  Inmobiliaria  has (i)  breached or been
          notified  by any  governmental  or  regulatory  authority  that it has
          breached any Environmental  Law (as defined below),  (ii) released any
          Hazardous  Substance  (as defined  below) or (iii) become aware of the
          release or presence of any Hazardous  Substance on any property owned,
          leased or occupied by it. There are no  underground  storage  tanks on
          property owned, leased or occupied by Textil and Inmobiliaria.

               (b)  For purposes of this Section 4.12, (i)  "Environmental  Law"
          means all laws relating to the protection of the environment, to human
          health and safety or to any environmental activity, including, without
          limitation,  (a) Ley General del Equilibrio  Ecologico y La Proteccion
          al Ambiente,  its related  regulations  and  administrative  orders or
          provisions,  including,  but  not  limited  to,  those  pertaining  to
          environmental impact, hazardous waste, air pollution,  water pollution
          or noise  pollution,  and any  other  specific  laws,  regulations  or
          administrative  orders or provisions  relating to air, soil, ground or
          water  pollution  or   contamination,   (b)  all  other   requirements
          pertaining to the reporting, licensing,  permitting,  investigation or
          remediation of emissions,  discharges, releases or threatened releases
          of any Hazardous Substance into the air, surface water, groundwater or
          land, or relating to the manufacture,  processing,  distribution, use,
          sale, treatment,  receipt, storage, disposal, transport or handling of
          any Hazardous  Substance and (c) all other requirements  pertaining to
          the  protection  of the health and safety of  employees or the public,
          and (ii)  "Hazardous  Substance"  means any  substance  that (a) is or
          contains asbestos, urea formaldehyde foam insulation,  polychlorinated
          biphenyls,  petroleum or petroleum-derived substances or wastes, radon
          gas or  related  materials,  (b)  requires  investigation,  removal or
          remediation  under any  Environmental  Law, or is  defined,  listed or
          identified as a "hazardous waste" or "hazardous  substance" thereunder
          or  (c)  is  toxic,  explosive,  corrosive,   flammable,   infectious,
          radioactive,  carcinogenic,  mutagenic  or  otherwise  hazardous or is
          regulated by any governmental authority or Environmental Law.

          4.13 EMPLOYEES.  Textil and Inmobiliaria  each has fully complied with
     its  obligations  under the Ley  Federal  de  Trabajo,  including,  but not
     limited  to, the timely  payment in full of all wages,  salaries,  overtime
     payments,  vacation  and vacation  bonus  payments,  seventh day  payments,
     severance  payments,  holiday  payments,  Sunday  work  bonuses,  seniority
     bonuses and annual bonuses ("aguinaldo") and the timely performance in full
     of all  obligations  relating  to health  and  safety,  training,  internal
     regulations,  working  conditions  and any other  legally or  contractually
     mandated fringe benefits or obligations.

          4.14 ASSETS. SCHEDULE 4.14 contains a complete and correct list of all
     assets  (including,  but not  limited  to,  all real  property,  buildings,
     leasehold  improvements,   machinery,   furniture,   fixtures,   equipment,
     instruments,  computers, motor vehicles, tooling, spare parts, supplies and
     other


                                       6


<PAGE>


     tangible personal property and assets,  other than inventory and assets set
     forth on SCHEDULE  1.1(b) (i) used in, or necessary for the conduct of, the
     denim and twill fabric  manufacturing  business as  presently  conducted by
     Textil,  or (ii) used in,  necessary for the operation of or located at the
     Plant,  other than any item the  original  cost of which was less than U.S.
     $500.  All such assets are owned or leased by Textil or  Inmobiliaria  free
     and clear of all liens, claims, charges, encumbrances,  security interests,
     equities or  restrictions on use of any kind or nature (other than liens in
     favor of the Purchasers and their affiliates)  (collectively,  "Liens") and
     are in good working  condition and repair (subject to normal wear and tear)
     and are adequate for their  intended uses.  Each of the leases  pursuant to
     which  Textil or  Inmobiliaria  holds any such  assets is in full force and
     effect and is a legal,  valid and binding  agreement of each party  thereto
     and is enforceable against each party thereto in accordance with its terms;
     each party to any such lease is in compliance thereunder;  and no event has
     occurred  which  through  the  giving of notice or the lapse of time  could
     cause or constitute a default or the  acceleration of any obligation of any
     party  thereto  or the  creation  of a Lien upon any such  asset.  Upon the
     Closing Date, Tarrant Mexico will receive from Textil, or Inmobiliaria will
     possess,  good and  marketable  title to such  assets free and clear of any
     Liens.

          4.15 AGREEMENTS. SCHEDULE 4.15 contains a complete and correct list of
     all leases, contracts, agreements and commitments, whether written or oral,
     to which Textil or  Inmobiliaria  is a party or by which it is bound.  Each
     such  agreement  is in full  force  and  effect  and is a legal,  valid and
     binding  agreement of each party  thereto and is  enforceable  against each
     party  thereto  in  accordance  with its terms;  each  party  thereto is in
     compliance  thereunder;  and no event has occurred which through the giving
     of notice or the lapse of time could cause or  constitute  a default or the
     acceleration  of any  obligation  of any party thereto or the creation of a
     lien or encumbrance upon the Assets or the Plant.

          4.16 ABSENCE OF CERTAIN  CHANGES.  Since September 30, 2002, (i) there
     has not been any material  adverse  change in the  condition  (financial or
     other), net worth, property, assets, earnings, liabilities, capitalization,
     business, results of operations or prospects of Textil,  Inmobiliaria,  the
     Assets or the Plant and (ii) Textil and  Inmobiliaria  have operated  their
     respective  businesses  related to the Assets and the Plant as now operated
     and only in the ordinary course.

          4.17 FACILITIES.  The Plant is sufficient for the conduct of the denim
     and twill  manufacturing  businesses  of  Textil  and  Inmobiliaria  as now
     conducted.  On the Closing Date,  Inmobiliaria  will own the Plant free and
     clear of any Liens  and will have the right to occupy  and use the Plant as
     it  currently  is used.  Neither the whole nor any portion of the Plant has
     been  condemned,  requisitioned  or  otherwise  taken  by any  governmental
     authority, and neither Textil, Inmobiliaria nor the Shareholders shall have
     received any notice that any such  condemnation,  requisition  or taking is
     threatened,  which  condemnation,  requisition  or taking could preclude or
     materially  impair the current use  thereof.  The Plant is in  satisfactory
     condition  and  has  been  reasonably  maintained,  normal  wear  and  tear
     excepted.  The Plant has  received all  required  approval of  governmental
     authorities  (including,  without limitation,  permits and a certificate of
     occupancy or other similar  certificate  permitting lawful occupancy of the
     Plant)  required  in  connection  with the  operation  thereof and has been
     operated and maintained in accordance with all applicable  laws,  rules and
     regulations.  The Plant is  supplied  with  utilities  (including,  without
     limitation,  water, sewage, disposal,  electricity,  gas and telephone) and
     other services  necessary for the operation of such facilities as currently
     operated.  The improvements  constructed on the Plant,  including,  without
     limitation,  all leasehold  improvements,  and all fixtures,  equipment and
     other tangible  assets owned,  leased or used by Textil or  Inmobiliaria at
     the Plant are (i)  insured to the extent and in a manner  customary  in the
     industry,  (ii)  structurally  sound with no known  defects,  (iii) in good
     operation,  condition and repair,  subject to ordinary wear and tear,  (iv)
     not  in  need  of  maintenance  or  repair  except  for  ordinary   routine
     maintenance  and  repair  the  cost of which  would  not be  material,  (v)
     sufficient  for  the  operation  of  the  denim  and  twill   manufacturing
     businesses  of Textil or  Inmobiliaria  as presently  conducted and (vi) in
     conformity with all applicable laws,  ordinances,  orders,  regulations and
     other requirements relating thereto currently in effect.

          4.18 MATERIAL   MISSTATEMENTS   OR  OMISSIONS.   No   representations,
     warranties  or  information  furnished  by  Textil,   Inmobiliaria  or  the
     Shareholders  to the  Purchasers  or  any of  their  employees  or  agents,
     including,  but not limited to,  Manatt,  Phelps & Phillips  S.C.,  Mancera
     Ernst  &  Young,  S.C.  or  Ernst &  Young  LLP,  in  connection  with  the
     transactions contemplated hereby contain any untrue statement of a material
     fact or omit to state a material fact  necessary to make the statements and


                                       7


<PAGE>


     facts  contained  therein not  misleading.  The English  translation of any
     document  provided  by  Textil,  Inmobiliaria  or the  Shareholders  to the
     Purchasers or any of their employees or agents is true and complete.

     5.   REPRESENTATION AND WARRANTIES OF THE PURCHASERS

          The  Purchasers  represent and warrant to Textil and the  Shareholders
that the  statements  set forth in Sections  5.1 through 5.3 hereof are true and
correct.

          5.1  AUTHORITY  TO ENTER  AGREEMENT  AND  ENFORCEABILITY.  Each of the
     Purchasers has all requisite right, power and authority to execute, deliver
     and perform its obligations  under this Agreement and the other  agreements
     and  instruments  contemplated  hereby  without  obtaining  the approval or
     consent of any other party,  governmental body or authority,  other than as
     described  in  Section  7.1(g);  all  proceedings  have been  taken and all
     authorizations  have been secured by the Purchasers  which are necessary to
     authorize the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the
     other agreements and instruments  contemplated  hereby;  and this Agreement
     and each of the other agreements and instruments  contemplated  hereby is a
     legal,  valid and binding  agreement of the  Purchasers  and is enforceable
     against them in accordance with its terms.

          5.2  COMPLIANCE WITH THE LAW AND OTHER INSTRUMENTS.  The execution and
     delivery  of  this  Agreement  and the  other  agreements  and  instruments
     contemplated hereby, and the consummation of the transactions  contemplated
     herein and therein  will not  conflict  with or result in the breach of any
     term or provision  of, or  constitute a default  under any statute,  order,
     judgment,   writ,   injunction,    decree,   license,   permit,   approval,
     authorization,  rule or  regulation  of any  court or any  governmental  or
     regulatory body, or any agreement, lease, contract,  document,  instrument,
     commitment, obligation or arrangement of any kind or nature to which either
     of the  Purchasers  is a party or by which it is bound,  unless such breach
     will not have a material  adverse  effect on the business or  operations of
     the Purchasers.

          5.3  BROKERAGE AND FINDER'S FEES. The Purchasers have not incurred any
     liability to any broker,  finder or agent for any brokerage fees,  finder's
     fees or commissions with respect to the  transactions  contemplated by this
     Agreement.

     6.   COVENANTS; ADDITIONAL REPRESENTATIONS

          6.1  OPERATION  OF THE ASSETS AND  PLANT.  During the period  from the
     date of this Agreement to the Closing Date,  Textil and Inmobiliaria  shall
     operate its  businesses,  the Assets and the Plant as now operated and only
     in the  ordinary  course and shall take such actions as may be necessary to
     ensure  that  the   representations   and  warranties  of  Textil  and  the
     Shareholders set forth in this Agreement will be true and correct as of the
     Closing Date, and the  Shareholders  shall cause Textil and Inmobiliaria to
     do so.  By  way  of  illustration  only  and  not  limitation,  Textil  and
     Inmobiliaria  shall take each such action as is set forth in  SCHEDULE  6.1
     hereto, and the Shareholders shall cause Textil and Inmobiliaria to do so.

          6.2  ACCESS TO INFORMATION.  Textil, Inmobiliaria and the Shareholders
     shall  give to the  Purchasers  and their  counsel,  accountants  and other
     representatives  full access during normal  business  hours  throughout the
     period from the date of this  Agreement  to the Closing  Date to all of its
     property,  assets,  books  and  records  and  all  employees,   independent
     contractors and agents, and shall furnish the Purchasers during such period
     with all such  information  concerning  its  businesses,  the Assets or the
     Plant as the  Purchasers  may  request,  and the  Shareholders  shall cause
     Textil and Inmobiliaria to do so. No investigation or inquiry made by or on
     behalf of the  Purchasers  hereunder  shall in any way affect or lessen the
     representations  and  warranties  made  by  Textil,   Inmobiliaria  or  the
     Shareholders under this Agreement.

          6.3  ENVIRONMENTAL  MATTERS. On or before the Closing Date, Textil and
     the  Shareholders,  shall,  at their sole cost and expense,  (i) remedy any
     breach  of any  Environmental  Law  arising  before  the  Closing  Date  in
     connection with or related to the Assets,  the Plant or the denim and twill
     fabric manufacturing business of Textil and Inmobiliaria or (ii) obtain the
     release of any liability  therefor  from the  appropriate  governmental  or
     regulatory  authority,  in each case  without  any  material  condition  or
     restriction


                                       8


<PAGE>


     on the operation of the Assets or the Plant,  which remedy or release shall
     be acceptable to the Purchasers in all material respects.

          6.4  CONTRIBUTIONS TO INMOBILIARIA.  Effective  immediately  following
     the  acquisition  by the  Purchasers  of the  Shares on the  Closing  Date,
     Tarrant Mexico shall  contribute,  assign and transfer to Inmobiliaria,  as
     additional  capital,  and Inmobiliaria  shall accept,  the following assets
     (the "Contributed Assets"):

               6.4.1  [intentionally omitted]

               6.4.2  the Note, including  all remaining  principal  and accrued
          interest   thereon,   after  giving  effect  to  the  cancellation  of
          $42,000,000  of  principal  amount of the Note in payment of the Asset
          Purchase Price;

               6.4.3  100,000 shares of Series A  Preferred Stock of Parent (the
          "Tarrant Shares"), which Tarrant Shares initially shall be convertible
          into  3,000,000   shares  of  Common  Stock  in  accordance  with  the
          Certificate of Determination for the Tarrant Shares;

               6.4.4  indebtedness  of   Guarantor  in  the   amount   of   U.S.
          $7,547,510.46,  as described in more detail on SCHEDULE  6.4.4 to this
          Agreement (the "Guarantor Indebtedness"); and

               6.4.5  shares representing  a  25%  interest  in  the  capital of
          Tarrant Mexico (the "Tarrant Mexico Shares").

          6.5  PAYMENTS TO GUARANTOR.  Guarantor  represents and warrants to the
     Purchasers  and  Parent  and,   immediately   following  the  Closing,   to
     Inmobiliaria,  that immediately following the Closing Date (a) Inmobiliaria
     will be indebted to those parties listed on SCHEDULE 6.5 to this Agreement,
     including  to Guarantor  and RLNB (the  "Inmobiliaria  Creditors"),  in the
     amounts set forth on SCHEDULE 6.5 (the "Inmobiliaria Indebtedness"),  which
     Inmobiliaria  Indebtedness  will be the only  liabilities  of  Inmobiliaria
     immediately  following  the  Closing,  and (b) after  giving  effect to the
     transfer of the Contributed  Assets to Inmobiliaria as described in Section
     6.4,   Guarantor  will  be  indebted  to  Inmobiliaria  in  the  amount  of
     $7,547,510.46, as evidenced by the Guarantor Indebtedness.

          As full payment and  satisfaction  of the  Inmobiliaria  Indebtedness,
     immediately following the contribution by Tarrant Mexico of the Contributed
     Assets to Inmobiliaria, Inmobiliaria will sell, transfer, and assign to (i)
     RLNB the Tarrant Shares,  and (ii) the remaining  Contributed Assets to the
     other  Inmobiliaria  Creditors,  and RLNB and  Guarantor  will accept,  and
     Guarantor  will cause the other  Inmobiliaria  Creditors  to  accept,  from
     Inmobiliaria, such Contributed Assets.

          6.6  REPRESENTATIONS  RELATING TO TARRANT  SHARES.  In connection with
     the purchase of the Tarrant Shares from  Inmobiliaria,  RLNB represents and
     warrants to Inmobiliaria and to Parent that:

               6.6.1  RLNB will hold the Tarrant Shares and the shares of Common
          Stock issuable upon  conversion  thereof for investment and not with a
          view to, or for resale in connection with, any distribution thereof in
          violation of the Securities  Act of 1933, as amended (the  "Securities
          Act"). RLNB does not have any present  intention of selling,  offering
          to sell or otherwise  disposing of or distributing  the Tarrant Shares
          or the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion thereof.

               6.6.2  RLNB acknowledges  that neither the Tarrant Shares nor the
          shares of Common  Stock  issuable  upon  conversion  thereof have been
          registered under the Securities Act and,  therefore,  cannot be resold
          unless  they are  registered  under  the  Securities  Act or unless an
          exemption from registration is available.

               6.6.3  RLNB is sophisticated  in financial matters and is able to
          evaluate  the risks and  benefits  of the  investment  in the  Tarrant
          Shares.


                                       9


<PAGE>


               6.6.4  RLNB has had an opportunity  to ask  questions and receive
          answers  concerning the terms and conditions of the acquisition of the
          Tarrant  Shares  and has had full  access  to such  other  information
          concerning the Parent as RLNB has requested.

               6.6.5  RLNB is  able to bear the economic risk of the  investment
          in the Tarrant  Shares for an indefinite  period of time,  recognizing
          that  neither  the  Tarrant  Shares  nor the  shares of  Common  Stock
          issuable upon conversion thereof have been or will be registered under
          the Securities Act and, therefore,  cannot be sold unless subsequently
          registered  under  the  Securities  Act  or  an  exemption  from  such
          registration is available.

               6.6.6  RLNB acknowledges  that  until  such  time as the  Tarrant
          Shares or the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion  thereof
          have  been  registered,  or are  otherwise  eligible,  for  resale  in
          accordance with the Securities Act, each certificate  representing the
          Tarrant Shares and the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion
          thereof shall be endorsed with the following legend:

          THE  SECURITIES  REPRESENTED  BY THIS  CERTIFICATE  HAVE NOT BEEN
          REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR UNDER
          ANY  STATE  SECURITIES  LAWS,  AND  MAY  NOT BE  SOLD,  ASSIGNED,
          TRANSFERRED,  PLEDGED OR  OTHERWISE  DISPOSED OF UNLESS THEY HAVE
          FIRST  BEEN  REGISTERED  UNDER  SUCH  ACT  AND  APPLICABLE  STATE
          SECURITIES LAWS OR UNLESS AN EXEMPTION FROM SUCH  REGISTRATION IS
          AVAILABLE AND THE CORPORATION SHALL HAVE RECEIVED, AT THE EXPENSE
          OF THE HOLDER, EVIDENCE OF SUCH EXEMPTION REASONABLY SATISFACTORY
          TO THE  CORPORATION  (WHICH MAY INCLUDE,  AMONG OTHER THINGS,  AN
          OPINION OF COUNSEL SATISFACTORY TO THE CORPORATION).

          6.7  TIMING OF TRANSACTIONS; NO LIABILITY.

               6.7.1  Tarrant Mexico,  Inmobiliaria, Guarantor, RLNB, and Parent
          acknowledge  and agree that (a) the  contribution by Tarrant Mexico to
          Inmobiliaria  of the Contributed  Assets,  and (b) the transfer of the
          Contributed  Assets to the  Inmobiliaria  Creditors  as payment of the
          Inmobiliaria  Indebtedness,  all as provided  in Sections  6.4 and 6.5
          above,  are a series of related  transactions  intended,  and shall be
          deemed,  to occur in the  sequence  set forth in such  Sections on the
          Closing Date  immediately  following the acquisition by the Purchasers
          of the Shares.

               6.7.2  Each  of Guarantor and  RLNB acknowledges and  agrees that
          (a) none of the  Purchasers  or Parent  shall be liable to  Guarantor,
          RLNB or any other Inmobiliaria  Creditor for any indebtedness included
          in the  Contributed  Assets  that any such  party is unable to collect
          from  the  obligor,  (b) none of the  Purchasers  or  Parent  make any
          representation  or warrant with respect to an Inmobiliaria  Creditor's
          ability  to  collect  any  indebtedness  included  in the  Contributed
          Assets, and (c) the Inmobiliaria  Creditors assume all collection risk
          with respect to such indebtedness.

     7.   CONDITIONS PRECEDENT

          7.1  CONDITIONS  PRECEDENT TO THE OBLIGATIONS OF THE  PURCHASERS.  The
     obligation of the Purchasers to consummate the transactions contemplated by
     this Agreement is expressly subject to the following conditions (compliance
     with which or the  occurrence of which may be waived in whole or in part by
     the Purchasers in writing):

               (a)  All   representations  and  warranties  of  Textil  and  the
          Shareholders  contained in this Agreement shall be true and correct in
          all  respects on the date hereof and as of the Closing Date as if made
          at and as of such date.


                                       10


<PAGE>


               (b)  Textil,  Inmobiliaria and the  Shareholders  each shall have
          performed and satisfied all covenants and conditions  required by this
          Agreement to be performed or satisfied by it or him on or prior to the
          Closing Date.

               (c)  No action  or  proceeding  shall  have  been  instituted  or
          threatened  prior  to or at the  Closing  Date or,  in the  reasonable
          opinion  of  counsel  to the  Purchasers,  is likely to be  instituted
          before any court or governmental body or authority the result of which
          could  prevent or make illegal the  consummation  of the  transactions
          contemplated   hereunder,   or  which  could   adversely   affect  the
          Purchasers' use of the Assets or the Plant.

               (d)  There  shall not have  occurred  any  adverse  change in the
          business, property, assets, operations, condition (financial or other)
          or prospects of the businesses of Textil or Inmobiliaria or the Assets
          or the Plant.

               (e)  The Board of  Directors  of each of the  Purchasers,  in its
          good faith judgment,  after consultation with legal counsel, shall not
          have  withdrawn  or modified its  approval or  recommendation  of this
          Agreement and the transactions  contemplated hereby (having determined
          that it is necessary to do so to comply with its  fiduciary  duties to
          the shareholders of such Purchaser under applicable law).

               (f)  The Parent  shall have  received the opinion of Roth Capital
          Partners, LLC ("Roth Capital") on the date on which the Parent's Board
          of Directors  voted to approve this Agreement and the written  opinion
          of Roth  Capital,  dated on the  Closing  Date,  that the terms of the
          transactions contemplated by this Agreement are fair to the Parent and
          its  shareholders  from a financial  point of view,  and such  opinion
          shall not have been withdrawn or modified in any respect.

               (g)  Textil,  Inmobiliaria,  the  Shareholders and the Purchasers
          each  shall  have  obtained  any  required   prior   approval  of  the
          transactions   contemplated   hereby  from  the  Federal   Competition
          Commission  pursuant  to Article  20, I, Ley  Federal  de  Competencia
          Economica.

          7.2  CONDITIONS  PRECEDENT  TO  THE  OBLIGATIONS  OF  TEXTIL  AND  THE
     SHAREHOLDERS.  The obligation of Textil and the  Shareholders to consummate
     the transactions contemplated by this Agreement is expressly subject to the
     following conditions  (compliance with which or the occurrence of which may
     be waived in whole or in part by  Textil or the  Shareholders,  as the case
     may be, in writing):

               (a)  All   representations   and  warranties  of  the  Purchasers
          contained in this Agreement  shall be true and correct in all respects
          on the date hereof and as of the Closing  Date as if made at and as of
          such date.

               (b)  The  Purchasers  shall  have  performed  and  satisfied  all
          covenants and conditions required by this Agreement to be performed or
          satisfied by them on or prior to the Closing Date.

               (c)  No action  or  proceeding  shall  have  been  instituted  or
          threatened  prior  to or at the  Closing  Date or,  in the  reasonable
          opinion  of  counsel  to Textil or the  Shareholders,  is likely to be
          instituted  before any court or  governmental  body or  authority  the
          result of which could prevent or make illegal the  consummation of the
          transactions contemplated hereunder.

               (d)  Textil,  Inmobiliaria,  the  Shareholders and the Purchasers
          each  shall  have  obtained  any  required   prior   approval  of  the
          transactions   contemplated   hereby  from  the  Federal   Competition
          Commission  pursuant  to Article  12, I, Ley  Federal  de  Competencia
          Economica.


                                       11


<PAGE>


     8.   REGISTRATION RIGHTS

          8.1  PIGGY-BACK REGISTRATION RIGHTS.

               (a)  In the event  that  after  December  30,  2004,  the  Parent
          proposes to register any of its securities  under the Securities  Act,
          and the  registration  form to be used  therefor  may be used  for the
          registration  of the Common Stock of the Parent  (other than Forms S-8
          or S-4 or any successor thereto), the Parent shall give prompt written
          notice to all holders of the Tarrant Shares of its intention to effect
          such a registration and, subject to the terms and conditions contained
          in this Section 8, shall  include in such  registration  all shares of
          Common  Stock into  which such  Tarrant  Shares  may be  converted  if
          (hereinafter  referred to in this  Section 8 as Tarrant  Shares)  with
          respect  to  which  the  Parent  has  received  written  requests  for
          inclusion  therein  within  fifteen  (15) days after the giving of the
          Parent's notice.

               (b)  If a registration  subject to  subparagraph  (a) above is an
          underwritten  registration,  and the managing  underwriters advise the
          Parent in writing that in their opinion the number of securities to be
          included in such registration  exceeds the number which can be sold in
          such  offering,  the Parent  shall  include in such  registration  (i)
          first,  the  securities  the Parent  proposes to sell and (ii) second,
          such number of the Tarrant Shares and other securities requested to be
          included in such registration as the managing underwriters believe can
          be sold in such  offering,  pro rata among the holders of such Tarrant
          Shares  and other  securities  on the basis of the number of shares of
          the Common Stock of the Parent  owned by each such  holder,  and those
          Tarrant  Shares  which are  excluded  from the  registration  shall be
          withheld from the market by the holders  thereof for such period,  not
          to  exceed  180  days,  which  the  managing  underwriters  reasonably
          determine to be necessary in order to effect the registration.

          8.2  GENERAL.

               (a)  If  any  registration  subject  to  this  Section  8  is  an
          underwritten  offering,  the selection of the  investment  bankers and
          managers for the offering  shall be made by the Parent in its sole and
          absolute discretion.

               (b)  The   holders  of  any  Tarrant   Shares   included  in  any
          registration  statement  pursuant  to this  Section 8 shall enter into
          such  customary  agreements  (including an  underwriting  agreement in
          customary  form) and use their  best  efforts  to take all such  other
          actions as the Parent or the underwriters,  if any, reasonably request
          in order to expedite or  facilitate  the  disposition  of such Tarrant
          Shares.

               (c)  Each holder of Tarrant Shares  included in any  registration
          statement  pursuant to this Section 8 shall  indemnify,  to the extent
          permitted by law, the Parent,  its  officers  and  directors  and each
          person who controls the Parent  (within the meaning of the  Securities
          Act)  against all losses,  claims  damages,  liabilities  and expenses
          caused by any untrue or alleged  untrue  statement  of  material  fact
          contained in any  registration  statement,  prospectus or  preliminary
          prospectus  or any  omission or alleged  omission  to state  therein a
          material fact  required to be stated  therein or necessary to make the
          statements  therein not misleading,  to the extent the same are caused
          by or contained in any information  furnished in writing to the Parent
          by such holder  expressly for use therein or by such holder's  failure
          to deliver a copy of the  registration  statement or prospectus or any
          amendments or supplements  thereto after the Parent has furnished such
          holder with a sufficient  number of copies of the same.  In connection
          with  an  underwritten  offering,  such  holder  shall  indemnify  the
          underwriters,  their  officers  and  directors  and  each  person  who
          controls such underwriters  (within the meaning of the Securities Act)
          to  the  same   extent  as   provided   above  with   respect  to  the
          indemnification of the Parent.

               (d)  With  respect  to each  inclusion  of  Tarrant  Shares  in a
          registration statement pursuant to this Section 8, all fees, costs and
          expenses of and incidental to such registration and public offering in
          connection therewith shall be borne by the Parent; PROVIDED,


                                       12


<PAGE>


          HOWEVER,  that the  holders of  Tarrant  Shares  included  in any such
          registration  statement  shall  bear  their  pro  rata  share  of  the
          underwriting  discount and  commissions and shall bear their own legal
          and accounting  expenses  incurred in reviewing  independently  of the
          Parent the registration statement or prospectus.

               (e)  Any Tarrant  Shares  which are  included in an  underwritten
          registration  pursuant  to this  Section 8 shall be sold by the holder
          thereof pursuant to the terms of the underwriting  agreement among the
          Parent,  the managing  underwriters  and the holders of the securities
          included in such registration.

     9.   MISCELLANEOUS

          9.1  SURVIVAL  OF  REPRESENTATIONS,  WARRANTIES  AND  AGREEMENTS.  All
     representations,  warranties  and  agreements  made by the  parties in this
     Agreement  (including,  but not limited  to,  statements  contained  in any
     exhibit,  schedule or  certificate or other  instrument  delivered by or on
     behalf  of  any  party  hereto  or  in  connection  with  the  transactions
     contemplated  hereby)  shall survive the Closing Date  notwithstanding  any
     investigations, inspections, examinations or audits made by or on behalf of
     any party.

          9.2  INDEMNIFICATION.  Textil,  the  Shareholders  and Guarantor  (the
     "Indemnifying Parties"), jointly and severally, shall indemnify, defend and
     hold  harmless  each  of the  Purchasers  and  their  respective  officers,
     directors,  shareholders,  employees, attorneys,  accountants,  affiliates,
     agents, successors and assigns, and any person who controls or is deemed to
     control  any of them (the  "Indemnified  Parties"),  from,  against  and in
     respect  of  any  and  all  payments,  damages,  claims,  demands,  losses,
     expenses,  costs,  obligations and liabilities (including,  but not limited
     to,  reasonable  attorneys' fees and costs,  and the costs of investigation
     and preparation) (a "Loss") which, directly or indirectly,  arise or result
     from or are related to any breach by any of the Indemnifying Parties of any
     of its or his representations,  warranties,  covenants or commitments under
     this Agreement.  The  Indemnifying  Parties,  jointly and severally,  shall
     reimburse  each  Indemnified  Party on demand for any payment  made or loss
     suffered by it at any time after the date  hereof,  based upon the judgment
     of  any  court  of  competent  jurisdiction  or  pursuant  to a  bona  fide
     compromise or  settlement  of claims,  demands or actions in respect of any
     damages  to which the  foregoing  indemnity  relates.  Consummation  of the
     transactions  contemplated hereunder shall not be deemed or construed to be
     a waiver of any right or remedy of any  Indemnified  Party,  nor shall this
     section or any other  provision of this Agreement be deemed or construed to
     be a waiver of any ground of defense  by it. The  obligation  to advance or
     pay  promptly  on demand  all  amounts  as they are  incurred  shall  exist
     irrespective of the ultimate final judicial determination, and in the event
     of a dispute about amounts owed, such amounts shall be advanced as they are
     incurred  pending   resolution  and  final  judicial   determination.   The
     Indemnifying  Parties'  obligations  hereunder  shall be in addition to any
     liability  that  they  or  any  other  person  otherwise  may  have  to the
     Indemnified  Parties,  and shall be binding upon,  and inure to the benefit
     of, their heirs,  representatives,  successors and assigns, and shall inure
     to the  benefit of the heirs,  representatives,  successors  and assigns of
     each Indemnified Party.

          9.3  THIRD-PARTY  CLAIMS.  The Indemnified Party shall promptly notify
     the  Indemnifying  Parties of the  existence of any claim,  demand or other
     matter  involving  liabilities  to third parties to which the  Indemnifying
     Parties'  indemnification  obligations  could  apply  and  shall  give  the
     Indemnifying  Parties a reasonable  opportunity to defend the same at their
     expense and with counsel of their own  selection  (who shall be approved by
     the Indemnified Party, which approval shall not be withheld  unreasonably);
     provided,  HOWEVER,  that (i) the Indemnified Party shall at all times also
     have the right to fully participate in the defense at its own expense, (ii)
     if, in the reasonable  judgment of the  Indemnified  Party,  based upon the
     written  advice of counsel,  a conflict of interest  may exist  between the
     Indemnified  Party and any of the  Indemnifying  Parties,  the Indemnifying
     Parties  shall not have the right to assume such  defense on behalf of such
     Indemnified  Party and  (iii) the  failure  to so notify  the  Indemnifying
     Parties  shall not relieve the  Indemnifying  Parties from any  liabilities
     that they may have  hereunder or otherwise,  except to the extent that such
     failure so to notify the  Indemnifying  Parties  materially  prejudices the
     rights of the  Indemnifying  Parties.  If the  Indemnifying  Parties shall,
     within a reasonable time after said notice, fail to defend, the Indemnified
     Party  shall have the  right,  but not the  obligation,  to  undertake  the
     defense  of,  and to  compromise  or settle  the  claim or other  matter on
     behalf,  for the account  and at the risk and  expense of the


                                       13


<PAGE>


     Indemnifying  Parties.  The  Indemnifying  Parties shall not  compromise or
     settle the claim or other matter  without the prior written  consent of the
     Indemnified  Parties.  If the  claim is one that  cannot  by its  nature be
     defended solely by the Indemnifying  Parties, the Indemnified Parties shall
     make available all information and assistance that the Indemnifying Parties
     may reasonably  request;  PROVIDED,  HOWEVER,  that any associated expenses
     shall be paid by the Indemnifying Parties as incurred.

          9.4  NOTICES. Any notice or other communication  required or permitted
     hereunder  shall be in writing in the English  language and shall be deemed
     to have been given (i) if personally delivered,  when so delivered, (ii) if
     mailed,  one (1)  week  after  being  placed  in the  United  States  mail,
     registered or certified, postage prepaid, addressed to the party to whom it
     is directed at the address set forth on the signature  page hereof or (iii)
     if given by telecopier, when such notice or communication is transmitted to
     the  telecopier  number set forth on the signature  page hereof and written
     confirmation of receipt is received.  Each of the parties shall be entitled
     to  specify a  different  address  by giving  the other  parties  notice as
     aforesaid.

          9.5  ENTIRE  AGREEMENT.  This Agreement and the schedules and exhibits
     hereto (which are incorporated  herein by reference)  constitute the entire
     agreement  between  the parties  hereto  pertaining  to the subject  matter
     hereof and supersede all prior agreements, understandings, negotiations and
     discussions,  whether  oral or written,  relating to the subject  matter of
     this Agreement. No supplement,  modification, waiver or termination of this
     Agreement  shall be valid unless executed by the party to be bound thereby.
     No waiver of any of the  provisions  of this  Agreement  shall be deemed or
     shall  constitute a waiver of any other  provisions  hereof (whether or not
     similar),  nor shall such waiver  constitute  a continuing  waiver,  unless
     otherwise expressly provided.

          9.6  HEADINGS.   Section  and  subsection   headings  are  not  to  be
     considered  part of this Agreement and are included  solely for convenience
     and  reference  and in no way define,  limit or describe  the scope of this
     Agreement or the intent of any provisions hereof.

          9.7  SUCCESSORS  AND  ASSIGNS.  All  of  the  terms,   provisions  and
     obligations  of this  Agreement  shall inure to the benefit of and shall be
     binding   upon   the   parties   hereto   and   their   respective   heirs,
     representatives, successors and assigns.

          9.8  GOVERNING LAW. The validity,  construction and  interpretation of
     this  Agreement  shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the State
     of  California  applicable  to contracts  made and to be  performed  wholly
     within that State.

          9.9  COUNTERPARTS.  This Agreement may be executed  simultaneously  in
     two or more  counterparts,  each one of which shall be deemed an  original,
     but all of which shall constitute one and the same instrument.

          9.10 THIRD PARTIES.  Nothing in this Agreement,  expressed or implied,
     is  intended to confer  upon any person  other than the parties  hereto and
     their respective heirs, representatives,  successors and assigns any rights
     or remedies under or by reason of this Agreement.

          9.11 ATTORNEYS'  FEES.  In the event any party takes  legal  action to
     enforce any of the terms of this Agreement,  the unsuccessful party to such
     action  shall  pay the  successful  party's  expenses  (including,  but not
     limited to, reasonable attorneys' fees and costs) incurred in such action.

          9.12 FURTHER ASSURANCES. Each party hereto shall, from time to time at
     and after the date hereof, execute and deliver such instruments,  documents
     and  assurances  and  take  such  further  actions  as  the  other  parties
     reasonably  may  request  to  carry  out the  purpose  and  intent  of this
     Agreement.

          9.13 ARBITRATION.  Any controversy  arising out of or relating to this
     Agreement  or the  transactions  contemplated  hereby  shall be referred to
     arbitration  before  the  American  Arbitration   Association  strictly  in
     accordance  with the terms of this Agreement and the substantive law of the
     State of


                                       14


<PAGE>


     California.  The board of  arbitrators  shall  convene at a place  mutually
     acceptable to the parties in the State of  California  and, if the place of
     arbitration  cannot be agreed upon,  arbitration  shall be conducted in Los
     Angeles.  The parties  hereto  agree to accept the decision of the board of
     arbitrators,  and judgment upon any award rendered hereunder may be entered
     in any court having jurisdiction  thereof.  Neither party shall institute a
     proceeding  hereunder until that party has furnished to the other party, by
     registered  mail,  at least  thirty (30) days prior  written  notice of its
     intent to do so.

          9.14 CONSTRUCTION.  This  Agreement  was reviewed by legal counsel for
     each party hereto and is the product of informed  negotiations  between the
     parties  hereto.  If any part of this  Agreement is deemed to be unclear or
     ambiguous,  it shall be  construed  as if it were  drafted  jointly  by the
     parties.  Each party  hereto  acknowledges  that no party was in a superior
     bargaining position regarding the substantive terms of this Agreement.

          9.15 CONSENT TO  JURISDICTION.  Subject to  Section  9.13,  each party
     hereto,  to the fullest extent it may  effectively  do so under  applicable
     law, irrevocably (i) submits to the exclusive  jurisdiction of any court of
     the State of California or the United States of America sitting in the City
     of Los  Angeles  over any suit,  action  or  proceeding  arising  out of or
     relating to this Agreement, (ii) waives and agrees not to assert, by way of
     motion, as a defense or otherwise,  any claim that it is not subject to the
     jurisdiction of any such court,  any objection that it may now or hereafter
     have  to the  establishment  of the  venue  of any  such  suit,  action  or
     proceeding  brought  in any such  court and any claim  that any such  suit,
     action or  proceeding  brought  in any such  court has been  brought  in an
     inconvenient  forum,  (iii) agrees that a judgment in any such suit, action
     or  proceeding  brought in any such court shall be  conclusive  and binding
     upon such party and may be enforced  in the courts of the United  States of
     America,  the State of  California  or the Republic of Mexico (or any other
     courts to the  jurisdiction  of which such party is or may be subject) by a
     suit upon such  judgment and (iv)  consents to process  being served in any
     such suit,  action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof by United States
     mail, registered or certified,  postage prepaid,  return receipt requested,
     to CT Corporation at 818 West Seventh Street, Los Angeles, California 90017
     (and each party hereby  irrevocably  appoints CT  Corporation as its lawful
     agent to accept  such  service of process  on behalf of such  party).  Each
     party  agrees  that such  service  (i)  shall be  deemed  in every  respect
     effective  service of process  upon such party in any such suit,  action or
     proceeding and (ii) shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be taken
     and held to be valid  personal  service upon and personal  delivery to such
     party.

          9.16 EXPENSES.  Each party shall bear the  expenses  incurred by it in
     connection with the  negotiation,  execution and delivery of this Agreement
     and the  other  agreements  and  instruments  contemplated  hereby  and the
     consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby.

          9.17 SEVERABLE  PROVISIONS.  The  provisions  of  this  Agreement  are
     severable,  and if any  one or  more  provisions  may be  determined  to be
     illegal or  otherwise  unenforceable,  in whole or in part,  the  remaining
     provisions,  and  any  partially  unenforceable  provisions  to the  extent
     enforceable, shall nevertheless be binding and enforceable.

          9.18 TAXES. Textil and the Shareholders shall pay timely any transfer,
     sales or other  taxes  which may  become  due or  payable  by virtue of the
     transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

          9.19 OBLIGATION  OF THE  GUARANTOR.  The  Guarantor  (i)  shall  cause
     Textil, Inmobiliaria and each of the Shareholders to timely perform in full
     each  of its or his  obligations  under  this  Agreement  and  (ii)  hereby
     irrevocably guarantees the timely performance in full of each obligation of
     Textil,  Inmobiliaria  and each of the  Shareholders  under this Agreement,
     including,   but  not  limited  to,  the  obligations  of  Textil  and  the
     Shareholders under Sections 9.2 and 9.3 and RLNB under Section 6.6.


                                       15


<PAGE>



          IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  the parties  have caused  this  Agreement  to be
executed as of the date first set forth above.

          Purchaser:                 TARRANT MEXICO, S. de R.L. de C.V.

                                     By         /S/ CORAZON REYES
                                              -------------------
                                              Corazon Reyes
                                              Authorized Representative
                                              3151 East Washington Boulevard
                                              Los Angeles, California  90023
                                              Telecopier:  (323) 881-0368
          Textil:                    TRANS TEXTIL INTERNATIONAL, S.A. de C.V.

                                     By         /S/ KAMEL NACIF BORGE
                                              -----------------------
                                              Kamel Nacif Borge
                                              Authorized Representative
                                              Edgar Allen Poe #231
                                              Col. Polanco, C.P. 11550
                                              Mexico, D.F.
                                              Telecopier:  (525) 255-1009
          Inmobiliaria:              INMOBILIARIA CUADROS, S.A. de C.V.

                                     By         /S/ KAMEL NACIF BORGE
                                              -----------------------
                                              Kamel Nacif Borge
                                              Authorized Representative
                                              Edgar Allen Poe #231
                                              Col. Polanco, C.P. 11550
                                              Mexico, D.F.
                                              Telecopier:  (525) 255-1009
          Shareholders:
                                       /S/ ROSA LISETTE NACIF BENAVIDES
                                     ----------------------------------
                                     ROSA LISETTE NACIF BENAVIDES
                                     Edgar Allen Poe #231
                                     Col. Polanco, C.P. 11550
                                     Mexico, D.F.
                                     Telecopier: (525) 255-1009

                                       /S/ JORGE MIGUEL ECHEVARRIA VAZQUEZ
                                     -------------------------------------
                                     JORGE MIGUEL ECHEVARRIA VAZQUEZ
                                     Edgar Allen Poe #231
                                     Col. Polanco, C.P. 11550
                                     Mexico, D.F.
                                     Telecopier:  (525) 255-1009

                                       /S/ GAZI NACIF BORGE
                                     ----------------------
                                     GAZI NACIF BORGE
                                     Edgar Allen Poe #231
                                     Col. Polanco, C.P. 11550
                                     Mexico, D.F.
                                     Telecopier:  (525) 255-1009


                                      S-1


<PAGE>


          Guarantor:
                                       /S/ KAMEL NACIF BORGE
                                     -----------------------
                                     KAMEL NACIF BORGE
                                     Edgar Allen Poe #231
                                     Col. Polanco, C.P. 11550
                                     Mexico, D.F.
                                     Telecopier: (525) 255-1009
          Parent:                    TARRANT APPAREL GROUP

                                     By:   /S/ CORAZON REYES
                                         -------------------
                                              Corazon Reyes
                                              Authorized Representative
                                              3151 East Washington Boulevard
                                              Los Angeles, California 90023
                                              Telecopier: (323) 881-0368


                                      S-2


<PAGE>


                                 SCHEDULE 1.1(a)

                                PURCHASED ASSETS

          1.   Except as expressly set forth in SCHEDULE 1.1(b),  all furniture,
fixtures,  equipment,  instruments,  computers,  motor vehicles,  tooling, spare
parts, supplies, real property, buildings, leasehold improvements, machinery and
other  tangible  personal  property  and  assets  which  are used by  Textil  in
connection  with the  manufacturing  of denim or twill  fabric,  whether  or not
reflected  on the books and records of Textil and wherever  located,  including,
but not limited to those assets  listed on SCHEDULE 4.14 (other than such assets
as are owned by Inmobiliaria)

          2.   All of Textil's  right,  title and  interest in, to and under the
lease of the Plant by Inmobiliaria  to Textil,  which lease has not been reduced
to writing.

          3.   All deposits and prepaid taxes and expenses  attributable  to the
Assets;

          4.   All books and records  relating  to the Assets and the  operation
thereof,  including, but not limited to, operating manuals,  purchase agreements
and manufacturers' warranties;

          5.   All personnel  records of employees of Textil who are employed by
the Purchaser after the Closing Date; and

          6.   All insurance  proceeds  arising in connection with damage to the
Assets occurring from the date hereof to the Closing Date.



<PAGE>


                                 SCHEDULE 1.1(b)

                                 RETAINED ASSETS

          1.   All cash and securities;

          2.   All accounts and notes receivable;

          3.   All customer deposits;

          4.   All right, title and interest of Textil in, to and under customer
orders  existing  on the Closing  Date or purchase  orders of Textil to purchase
goods or services from third parties existing on the Closing Date;

          5.   All of Textil's  right,  title and  interest in, to and under all
leases,  contracts,  agreements and commitments to which Textil is a party or by
which it is bound,  including,  but not  limited  to,  those which are listed on
SCHEDULE 4.15;

          6.   All refunds and credits;

          7.   All  deposits  and prepaid  taxes and  expenses to the extent not
attributable to the Assets;

          8.   All raw materials, work-in-process and finished goods; and

          9.   All books and records not related to the Assets or the  operation
thereof,  including,  but not limited  to, (A) the minute  books,  stock  record
books,  corporate seal and other records of Textil  relating  exclusively to its
organization,  existence  or  capitalization,  (B) all  records  relating to the
purchase  of raw  material  or the sale of  finished  goods,  (C) all  personnel
records of employees of Textil who are not employed by the  Purchaser  after the
Closing Date and (D) all customer lists.



<PAGE>


         OMITTED SCHEDULES TO AGREEMENT FOR PURCHASE OF ASSETS AND STOCK

          The  following  Schedules to the  Agreement for Purchase of Assets and
Stock have been  omitted  pursuant to Item  601(b)(2)  of  Regulation  S-K.  The
Company hereby agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of any omitted attachment
to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request.

SCHEDULE 1.2(b):          Allocation of Asset Purchase Price

SCHEDULE 2.1:             Allocation of Shares

SCHEDULE 2.2:             Allocation of Share Purchase Price

SCHEDULE 4.3:             Ownership of Shares of Inmobiliaria

SCHEDULE 4.4A:            Financial Statements

SCHEDULE 4.4B:            Liabilities

SCHEDULE 4.11:            Employment Agreements

SCHEDULE 4.14:            Assets

SCHEDULE 4.15:            Agreements

SCHEDULE 6.1:             Operations

SCHEDULE 6.4.2:           TCL Receivables

SCHEDULE 6.4.3:           Guarantor Liabilities

SCHEDULE 6.5:             Inmobiliaria Liabilities

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
