<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.27
<SEQUENCE>21
<FILENAME>a88051exv10w27.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.27
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.27

                     INTEREST RATE SWAP GUARANTEE AGREEMENT

This Interest Rate Swap Guarantee Agreement ("Agreement") is made as of this
30th day of August, 2002, by and between Western Financial Bank, a federal
savings bank ("Bank" or "WFB"), WFS Financial Inc, a California corporation
("WFS"), and WFS Receivables Corporation, a California corporation ("WFSRC") and
is based upon the following recitals. The aforementioned parties shall
hereinafter be collectively referred to as "Companies."

                                    RECITALS

A.      WFB is the parent company of WFS, which in turn is the parent company of
        WFSRC.

B.      WFB desires to reduce the level of risk assets maintained by WFS for the
        determination of WFB's regulatory capital requirement while concurrently
        avoiding the creation of additional amounts of retained interest in
        securitized assets ("RISA") on the consolidated financial statements of
        WFS.

C.      WFSRC is a first tier subsidiary of WFS and acts as the originator or
        co-originator of one or more asset securitization trusts and as a seller
        of WFS auto contracts to each of such trusts. The reduction of risk and
        avoidance of additional amounts of RISA on the consolidated financial
        statements of WFS can be accomplished upon the non-recourse sale of WFS
        originated auto contracts on a whole loan servicing released basis to
        WFSRC.

D.      WFB desires to limit the amount of collateral required and prepayment
        risk related to the floating rate note classes issued by the WFS
        Financial 2002-1 Owner Trust, which supported the most economic secured
        financing available to facilitate the aforementioned loan sale.

E.      In consideration of the above recitals B-D, WFB is willing to guarantee
        the timely exchange of any variable notes, rates, classes and interest
        payments between WFS and WFSRC.

                                    AGREEMENT

In consideration of the mutual promises set forth herein, and in reliance upon
the recitals set forth above, the parties agree as follows:

1.      The above recitals are hereby incorporated into this Agreement by
                                               reference and made a part hereto.

2.      Guarantee. WFB hereby guarantees the timely exchange of any variable
notes, rates, classes and interest payments due to third parties by WFS or
WFSRC.

3.      Further Assurances. The Companies agree that they will modify, amend, or
restate any provision of this Agreement as necessary in order to insure that
this Agreement complies with all applicable federal laws and OTS regulations
with respect to transacting business between the parties.

4.      Term.

        4.1     This Agreement shall commence as of the date stated above and
                shall continue until terminated by the parties.



<PAGE>

        4.2     This Agreement may be terminated immediately for breach of any
                covenant, obligation, or duty herein contained or for violation
                of law, ordinance, statute, rule or regulation (collectively
                referred to as "law") governing the conduct of any party hereto.

        4.3     Termination shall not effect the obligations of the Companies
                with respect to any event occurring before termination. Each
                Company shall be bound by and responsible for any transaction or
                expense properly agreed to or incurred by the other Company in
                connection with services performed hereunder but not settled,
                paid or reimbursed prior to the date of any such termination.
                Upon termination of this Agreement, the fee referred to above
                will be prorated, but the due date thereof shall not be changed.

5.      Representations and Warranties of Each Company. Each Company on its
        behalf alone represents and warrants to and for the benefit of the other
        Company as follows:

        5.1     Corporate Existence and Qualifications. Each Company is either a
                corporation or association duly organized, validly existing and
                in good standing under the laws of the United States or of the
                State of California, as applicable, with full corporate power to
                own its properties and to carry on its business as now owned and
                operated by Company.

        5.2     Licenses: Compliance with Laws. Each Company has all licenses,
                franchises, permits and authorizations necessary ("Licenses"),
                or is otherwise exempt from having to obtain such Licenses, for
                the lawful conduct by the respective Company of its business.
                Neither Company has violated, nor is in violation of, any such
                licenses, franchises, permits or authorizations or any
                applicable statues, laws, ordinances, rules or regulations of
                any federal, state, or local governmental bodies, agencies or
                subdivisions having, asserting or claiming jurisdiction over it
                or over any part of its operations.

6.      Covenants Regarding Corporate Existence.

        6.1     Preservation of Corporate Existence and Qualifications. Each
                Company shall keep in full effect its existence, rights and
                franchises as a corporation or association under the laws of the
                jurisdiction in which each is organized and will obtain and
                preserve its qualifications to carry on business as a foreign
                corporation in each jurisdiction in which such qualification is
                or shall be necessary.

        6.2     Observation of Corporate Formalities. Each Company shall at all
                times observe the applicable legal requirements for the
                recognition of Company as a corporate entity separate and apart
                from any other Company, including without limitation the
                following:

                (a)     Each Company shall maintain corporate records and books
                        of account separate from those of every other Company;

                (b)     Each Company shall hold meetings of its Board of
                        Directors as appropriate to authorize its corporate
                        actions;



                                       2
<PAGE>

                (c)     Each Company shall hold meetings of its shareholder(s)
                        as appropriate and as required by applicable law in the
                        jurisdiction in which organized to authorize its
                        corporate actions;

                (d)     Each Company shall file all reports required by the
                        Secretary of State in any and all jurisdictions in which
                        that Company is licensed or qualified, including the
                        annual statement by whatever name denominated, in a
                        timely manner; and

                (e)     Each Company shall ensure that any applicable yearly
                        franchise taxes are paid in a timely manner so as to
                        maintain its corporate existence uninterrupted.

        6.3     Advertising. Each Company will at all times hold itself out to
                the public as an entity separate from every other Company and
                its advertising and marketing shall reflect such separate
                corporate existence.

        6.4     OTS Regulations. Each Company shall comply with all applicable
                OTS regulations. If required by 12 C.F.R. Section 563.37(b), any
                instrument evidencing borrowing by a Company shall indicate that
                no other Company is responsible for any such debt.

7.      Liability; Consultation with Counsel. With respect to the obligations
        hereunder, no Company shall assume responsibility or liability with
        respect to the business or affairs of any other Company except to the
        extent provided for in this Agreement. Each benefiting Company under
        this Agreement ("Indemnitor") shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless
        the performing Company against and in respect of any and all claims,
        demands, losses, costs, expenses, obligations, liabilities, damages,
        recoveries and deficiencies (collectively the "Claims), including
        without limitation interest penalties and attorney's fees, that such
        performing Company shall incur or suffer, which arise, result from or
        relate to (i) conduct by Indemnitor of its business and operations and
        (ii) breach by Indemnitor of its obligations pursuant to this Agreement.
        Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, Indemnitor's
        obligations pursuant to this section shall not be applicable to Claims
        arising directly from the performing Company's bad faith, gross
        negligence or willful misconduct. This Agreement shall create no right,
        benefit or privilege in favor of any person not a party hereto, and no
        person not a party hereto shall have any recourse against the performing
        Company for any advice, service or facility provided or omitted by
        performing Company pursuant to this Agreement. The performing Company
        may consult with legal counsel (who may also be counsel to Indemnitor)
        concerning any questions that may arise with respect to its duties and
        obligations hereunder, and it shall be fully protected in respect of any
        action taken or omitted by it hereunder in good faith reliance on any
        opinion of such counsel with respect to any such duty or obligation.

8.      General.

        8.1     This Agreement may be modified, amended or superseded in whole
                or in part, at any time, by a writing executed by the parties
                hereto.

        8.2     The laws of California shall govern this Agreement, except to
                the extent federal law or regulation supersedes any such laws.

        8.3     This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, all of which,
                taken together shall constitute one agreement.



                                       3
<PAGE>

        8.4     No Company shall assign this Agreement without the prior written
                consent of each of the other Companies, which consent shall not
                unreasonably be withheld.

Wherefore, the undersigned have executed this Agreement as of the date first set
forth above.

WESTERN FINANCIAL BANK

By:
   -------------------------------------
     Thomas A. Wolfe
Its: President

WFS RECEIVABLES CORPORATION

By:
   -------------------------------------
     John Coluccio
Its: President

WFS FINANCIAL INC

By:
   -------------------------------------
     J. Keith Palmer
Its: Sr. Vice President & Treasurer



                                       4


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
