<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>e14423ex2_1.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 2.1
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
                                                                     Exhibit 2.1

      AGREEMENT made as of March 11, 2003 by, and between  Interferon  Sciences,
Inc. ("Seller"), and Hemispherx Biopharma, Inc. ("Buyer").

                                   WITNESSETH:

      In consideration of the mutual covenants, agreements,  representations and
warranties  herein  contained,  and intending to be legally  bound,  the parties
agree as follows:

1.    TRANSFER AND  CONVEYANCE  OF SELLER'S  INVENTORY  AND LICENSE OF ALFERON N
      INJECTION

      1.1  Transfer  and  conveyance  of  inventory.  Subject  to the  terms and
conditions of this Agreement,  Buyer, in reliance upon the  representations  and
warranties of Seller made herein and in the schedules  annexed  hereto,  will at
the Closing (hereinafter defined),  acquire from Seller, and Seller, will at the
Closing  transfer and convey to Buyer,  all inventory as set forth and described
on the Exhibit 1.1 - Schedule of Inventory ("Seller's Inventory").

      1.2 License. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Buyer,
in reliance upon the representations and warranties of Seller made herein and in
the schedules  annexed  hereto,  will at the Closing,  acquire from Seller,  and
Seller  will at Closing  grant to Buyer a limited  license  for the  production,
manufacture,  use,  marketing  and  sale of  ALFERON  N  Injection  ("ALFERON  N
License")  in  accordance  with the  ALFERON  N License  Agreement  set forth as
Exhibit 1.2.

      1.3 Encumbrances.  The ALFERON N License and Seller's  Inventory shall, at
the time


                                       1
<PAGE>

of  Closing,  be  free  and  clear  of  all  security   interests,   liens,  and
encumbrances, other than those resulting from the acts of Buyer.

      1.4  Employees.  At the  Closing,  Buyer  shall  offer  employment  to the
Seller's  employees listed on Exhibit 1.4 (the "Retained  Employees")  under the
terms set forth  therein.  Exhibit  1.4 shall  also  contain a list of  Seller's
employees (the "Released  Employees") which will not be offered  employment with
the Buyer.  At the  Closing,  Buyer shall pay to Seller an amount equal to eight
weeks of salary, at their current rate, for each of the Released Employees.

      1.5 Fee to Interferon  Sciences.  The Seller has agreed to provide certain
services  described on Exhibit 1.5 to the Buyer  utilizing  the employees of the
Seller listed on Exhibit 1.5.  Buyer shall pay Seller a fee (the "Service  Fee")
equal to  $345,752.22  (subject to  adjustment  as provided on Exhibit  1.5) for
providing  such  services.   The  Service  Fee  shall  be  payable  as  follows:
$115,250.74 at the Closing,  $57,625.37 monthly commencing on the 1st day of the
month after the Closing date for a period of four months. In addition, unless an
extention of the service arrangement with the Seller has been completed prior to
the 5th month  anniversary of the Closing,  Buyer shall pay the Seller an amount
equal to $115,250.74 ( two months of the Service Fee).

      1.6  Consideration.  The consideration for Seller's Inventory and Seller's
ALFERON N License  shall be payable  at Closing  and shall be (i) 6 % of the net
sales of ALFERON N Injection,  as  described in the ALFERON N Injection  License
Agreement and (ii) a number of shares (the "Guaranteed Shares") of common stock,
par value $.001 per share, of the Buyer (the "Common Stock") with a Market Value
of $675,000 and a guaranteed value of $675,000 and an additional  62,5000 shares
(the  "Unguaranteed  Shares") of Common Stock  without a guaranteed  value.  The
Market Value shall mean $ 1.59 The Guaranteed Shares and the Unguaranteed Shares
are referred


                                       2
<PAGE>

to  collectively  as the "  Closing  Shares."  Exhibit  1.6 sets  forth  Buyer's
obligations with respect to the Guaranteed Shares.

      1.7  Payables  of  Seller.  Exhibit  1.7  sets  forth  a list  of  certain
outstanding  payables  of the  Seller,  which as of March 6,  2003  aggregate  $
408,036.87.  Buyer  shall  pay or  make  arrangements  for the  payment  of such
payables  within 15 days of the date hereof.  In addition to the payables of the
Seller,  Buyer shall be obligated to pay any  payables  incurred  after the date
hereof by Seller in the  ordinary  course of  business  related to the ALFERON N
Injection  business,  the commitments of the Buyer listed on Exhibit 1.7 and any
other payables and commitments of the Buyer reasonably  related to the ALFERON N
Injection  business  in an amount  not to exceed  $25,000.  With  respect to the
Buyer's assumption of certain of Seller's liabilities, Buyer may avail itself of
any  defense  which  would have been  available  to Seller  with  respect to the
Seller's payables or commitments. Buyer shall defend, indemnify, and hold Seller
harmless against any loss, damage (excluding  consequential  damages),  claim of
third  parties,  actions,  suits,  demands,  judgments,  or  expense  (including
reasonable  legal  fees  incurred  by Seller as a result of or  attributable  to
failure to pay any payables or commitments described in this Section 1.7.

      1.8 [Not used]

      1.9 Closing. The consummation of the transactions contemplated herein (the
"Closing")  shall take place promptly  after  execution of this  Agreement.  The
Closing shall take place at the offices of Buyer's Counsel.

2.    REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF BUYER AND SELLER

      Seller represents and warrants as of the date hereof to Buyer, as follows:


                                       3
<PAGE>

      2.1 Corporate  organization.  Seller is a corporation validly existing and
in good standing  under the laws of the State of Delaware,  is duly qualified to
do  business  in the State of New Jersey,  and has full power and  authority  to
carry  on its  current  business  and to own,  use,  and  sell  its  assets  and
properties.

      2.2 Corporate  authority.  Seller's Board of Directors has duly authorized
the  execution  and delivery of this  Agreement to Buyer and the carrying out of
its provisions.

      2.3 Compliance.  Neither the execution and delivery of this Agreement, nor
the consummation by Seller of any of the transactions  contemplated  hereby will
result  in a  breach  of  any  applicable  statute  or  regulation,  or  of  any
administrative or court order or decree; nor will such compliance  conflict with
or result in the breach of any term,  provision,  covenant or  condition  of any
agreement or other  instrument  to which Seller is a party or by which it may be
bound, or, which with the giving of notice or lapse of time, or both, constitute
an event of default thereunder.

      2.4  Litigation.  Except for the suit pending in the Superior Court of New
Jersey,  Chancery  Division,  Middlesex  County and styled,  M.D. SASS Municipal
Finance  Partners  II, L.P.  vs.  Interferon  Sciences,  Inc. et al, Case Number
F-8653-02  ("Tax   Litigation   Obligation"),   no  suit,   action,   or  legal,
administrative,  arbitration,  or other proceeding or governmental investigation
is pending,  or to Seller's knowledge is threatened against Seller's  Inventory.
There is no outstanding  judgment,  decree,  or order against Seller,  except as
expressly disclosed herein,  which affects Seller's Inventory or the granting of
the ALFERON N License in any way.

      2.5 Effect of agreement.  The terms and  conditions of this  Agreement and
all other  instruments  and  agreements  (including the ALFERON N License) to be
delivered  by Seller  to Buyer  under the  terms of this  Agreement  are  valid,
binding,  and enforceable against Seller in accordance


                                       4
<PAGE>

with their terms,  subject only to the applicable  bankruptcy,  moratorium,  and
other laws generally affecting the rights and remedies of creditors.

      2.6 Good title. Seller has and shall transfer to Buyer at Closing good and
marketable  title to Seller's  Inventory being sold and  transferred  hereunder,
free and clear of all security interests, encumbrances or liens.

      2.7 Regulatory Action. Other than correspondence with the Federal Food and
Drug  Administration  listed on Exhibit  2.7 (and  Exhibit  1.4) and  previously
delivered to the Buyer and the Tax Litigation  Obligation,  there is not pending
any regulatory action which would have a material adverse effect on the Seller's
ability to grant the ALFERON N Injection License or the Seller's Inventory.

      2.8 Due  performance.  Except  for the Tax  Litigation  Obligation  and as
described on Exhibit  2.8,  Seller has in all material  respects  performed  all
obligations  required to be performed by it under,  and is not in default in any
material  respect  under,  or in  violation  in any  material  respect  of,  its
Certificate of Incorporation or bylaws or any agreement,  lease, mortgage, note,
bond,  indenture,  license, or other documents or undertaking,  to which it is a
party or by  which  it is  bound,  and  which  may  materially  effect  Seller's
Inventory  or the  ALFERON  N  License.  The  execution  and  delivery  of  this
Agreement,  and the consummation of the transactions  contemplated  hereby, will
not result in any violation or default under any of the instruments  referred to
in this paragraph.

      Buyer represents and warrants as of the date hereof to Seller, as follows:

      2.9  Organization  and  Qualification.  Buyer  is a  corporation,  validly
existing in good  standing  under the laws of the State of Delaware  and has the
power and  authorization  to own its


                                       5
<PAGE>

properties  and to carry on its business as now being  conducted.  Buyer is duly
qualified as a foreign  corporation,  to do business and is in good  standing in
every  jurisdiction  in which its  ownership  of  property  or the nature of the
business  conducted  by it makes  such  qualification  necessary,  except to the
extent that the failure to be so qualified or be in good standing would not have
a Material Adverse Effect. As used in this Agreement,  "Material Adverse Effect"
means  any  material  adverse  effect  on  the  business,   properties,  assets,
operations,  results  of  operations,   prospects  or  condition  (financial  or
otherwise)  of  Buyer  or on  the  transactions  contemplated  hereby  or by the
agreements and instruments to be entered into in connection herewith,  or on the
authority or ability of Buyer to perform its  obligations  under the Transaction
Documents (as defined below).

      2.10  Authorization;   Enforcement;  Validity.  Buyer  has  the  requisite
corporate  power and authority to enter into and perform its  obligations  under
this  Agreement,  and each of the other  agreements  entered into by the parties
hereto  in  connection  with the  transactions  contemplated  by this  Agreement
(collectively,  the "Transaction Documents").  The execution and delivery of the
Transaction  Documents  by  the  Company  and  the  consummation  by it  of  the
transactions  contemplated  hereby  and  thereby  have been duly  authorized  by
Buyer's Board of Directors and no further consent or  authorization  is required
of Buyer's Board of Directors or  stockholders.  The Transaction  Documents have
been duly executed and delivered by Buyer. The Transaction  Documents constitute
the  valid  and  binding  obligations  of  Buyer  enforceable  against  Buyer in
accordance  with their terms,  except as such  enforceability  may be limited by
general   principles   of   equity   or   applicable   bankruptcy,   insolvency,
reorganization,   moratorium,  liquidation  or  similar  laws  relating  to,  or
affecting generally, the enforcement of creditors' rights and remedies.

      2.11  Capitalization.  As of the date hereof, the authorized capital stock
of the Buyer


                                       6
<PAGE>

consists  of  50,000,000  shares  of  Common  Stock,  of which as of such  date,
32,650,178  shares are issued and outstanding and 8,609,920  shares are reserved
for issuance  pursuant to the Buyer's stock option and purchase plans (including
pursuant  to  options  outstanding  as of such date as well as  options  granted
thereafter). All of such outstanding shares have been, or upon issuance will be,
validly  issued and are fully paid and  nonassessable.  Except as  disclosed  in
Exhibit  2.11,  (A) no shares  of the  Buyer's  capital  stock  are  subject  to
preemptive  rights or any other similar rights  (arising under Delaware law, the
Buyer's  Certificate of  Incorporation or By-laws or any agreement or instrument
to which the Buyer is a party) or any liens or  encumbrances  granted or created
by the Buyer; (B) there are no outstanding options,  warrants,  scrip, rights to
subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character  whatsoever  relating to, or
securities or rights  convertible into, any shares of capital stock of the Buyer
, or contracts,  commitments,  understandings or arrangements by which the Buyer
is or may become bound to issue additional  shares of capital stock of the Buyer
or options, warrants, scrip, rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any
character  whatsoever relating to, or securities or rights convertible into, any
shares of capital  stock of the Buyer  (other than any such  options,  warrants,
scrip, rights, calls,  commitments,  securities,  understandings and arrangement
outstanding  under  plans  disclosed  in the SEC  Documents);  (C)  there are no
outstanding debt securities,  notes,  credit  agreements,  credit  facilities or
other agreements,  documents or instruments evidencing indebtedness of the Buyer
or by  which  the  Buyer  is or may  become  bound;  (D)  there  are no  amounts
outstanding  under,  and there will be no amounts due upon  termination  of, any
credit  agreement  or credit  facility;  (E) there are no  financing  statements
securing  obligations in any amounts greater than $100,000,  singly, or $250,000
in the  aggregate,  filed  in  connection  with  the  Buyer;  (F)  there  are no
agreements  or  arrangements  under which the Buyer is obligated to register


                                       7
<PAGE>

the sale of any of their  securities  under the Securities Act of 1933 except as
set forth herein,  the Sale of Assets  Agreement,  dated the date hereof between
the Buyer and the Seller; (G) there are no outstanding securities or instruments
of the Buyer which contain any redemption or similar  provisions,  and there are
no contracts, commitments,  understandings or arrangements by which the Buyer is
or may  become  bound to  redeem a  security  of the  Buyer ; (H)  there  are no
securities or instruments  containing  anti-dilution or similar  provisions that
will be  triggered  by the  issuance of the  Closing  Shares  described  in this
Agreement;  (I) the  Buyer  does not  have  any  stock  appreciation  rights  or
"phantom" stock plans or agreements or any similar plan or agreement; (J) to the
Buyer's knowledge, (i) no current or former officer or director who individually
owns  1% or  more  of the  Buyer's  outstanding  capital  stock  or  (ii)  other
beneficial  owner of 5% or more of the Buyer's  outstanding  capital stock,  has
pledged shares of the Buyer's  capital stock in connection with a margin account
or  other  loan  secured  by  such  capital  stock;  and (K)  the  Buyer  has no
liabilities  or  obligations  required to be disclosed in the SEC  Documents (as
defined  herein) but not so  disclosed  in the SEC  Documents,  other than those
incurred in the ordinary course of the Buyer's business and which,  individually
or in the aggregate,  do not or would not have a Material  Adverse Effect on the
Buyer and its  subsidiaries  (as that term is defined in the  regulations of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934) taken as a whole.

      2.12  Issuance of  Securities.  The Closing is duly  authorized  and, upon
issuance in accordance with the terms of the applicable  Transaction  Documents,
shall be (i) validly issued,  fully paid and  non-assessable  and (ii) free from
all taxes,  liens and charges with respect to the issuance  thereof  (other than
any  such  taxes,  liens  and  charges  created  by any  Buyer  or  assignee  or
transferee),  and shall not be subject to  pre-emptive  rights or other  similar
rights of shareholders of the Buyer.


                                       8
<PAGE>

      2.13  No  Conflicts.  The  execution,  delivery  and  performance  of  the
Transaction  Documents  by the  Buyer and the  consummation  by the Buyer of the
transactions  contemplated hereby and thereby will not (i) result in a violation
of the  Certificate  of  Incorporation  or the By-laws;  (ii) conflict  with, or
constitute  a default  (or an event  which with  notice or lapse of time or both
would  become a default)  under,  or give to others  any rights of  termination,
amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, any material agreement, indenture or
instrument to which the Buyer or any of its  subsidiaries is a party (except for
such conflicts, defaults, terminations, amendments, accelerations, cancellations
and violations as would not,  individually  or in the  aggregate,  reasonably be
expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect); or (iii) result in a violation
of any law, rule,  regulation,  order, judgment or decree (including federal and
state  securities  laws and  regulations  and the rules and  regulations  of the
Principal  Market  (as  defined  below))  applicable  to the Buyer or any of its
subsidiaries  or by which  any  property  or  asset  of the  Buyer or any of its
subsidiaries is bound or affected.  The Buyer is not in violation of any term of
or  in  default  under  its  Certificate  of  Incorporation,  By-laws  or  their
organizational  charter or By-laws,  respectively.  Neither the Buyer nor any of
its  subsidiaries  is in  violation  of any  term  of or in  default  under  any
contract, agreement, mortgage,  indebtedness,  indenture,  instrument, judgment,
decree or order or any statute,  rule or  regulation  applicable to the Buyer or
its  subsidiaries,  except where such  violations and defaults would not result,
either  individually  or in the aggregate,  in a Material  Adverse  Effect.  The
business of the Buyer and its  subsidiaries  is not being conducted in violation
of any law,  ordinance or regulation of any  governmental  entity,  except where
such violations would not result, either individually or in the aggregate,  in a
Material Adverse Effect.

      2.14 SEC Documents; Financial Statements. Since January 1, 2001, the Buyer
has filed all


                                       9
<PAGE>

reports,  schedules,  forms, statements and other documents required to be filed
by it with the SEC  pursuant to the  reporting  requirements  of the  Securities
Exchange Act of 1934,  as amended (the "1934 Act") (all of the  foregoing  filed
prior to or on the date hereof and all exhibits  included  therein and financial
statements and schedules thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein
being hereinafter referred to as the "SEC Documents").  As of the date of filing
of such SEC Documents,  each such SEC Document, as it may have been subsequently
amended  by  filings  made by the Buyer  with the SEC prior to the date  hereof,
complied in all material  respects with the requirements of the 1934 Act and the
rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated  thereunder  applicable to such SEC
Document.  None of the SEC Documents,  as of the date filed and as they may have
been subsequently amended by filings made by the Buyer with the SEC prior to the
date hereof,  contained  any untrue  statement of a material  fact or omitted to
state a material  fact  required to be stated  therein or  necessary in order to
make the statements  therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they
were  made,  not  misleading.  As  of  their  respective  dates,  the  financial
statements of the Buyer included in the SEC Documents complied as to form in all
material  respects with applicable  accounting  requirements and published rules
and regulations of the SEC with respect thereto.  Such financial statements have
been prepared in  accordance  with  generally  accepted  accounting  principles,
consistently  applied,  during  the  periods  involved  (except  (i)  as  may be
otherwise  indicated in such financial  statements or the notes thereto, or (ii)
in the case of  unaudited  interim  statements,  to the extent  they may exclude
footnotes or may be condensed or summary  statements)  and fairly present in all
material  respects the  financial  position of the Buyer as of the dates thereof
and the  results of its  operations  and cash flows for the  periods  then ended
(subject,  in the  case  of  unaudited  statements,  to  normal  year-end  audit
adjustments).


                                       10
<PAGE>

      2.15 Absence of  Litigation.  Except as  disclosed  in the SEC  Documents,
there is no action, suit, proceeding,  inquiry or investigation before or by any
court,  public board,  government agency,  self-regulatory  organization or body
pending or, to the knowledge of the Buyer or any of its subsidiaries, threatened
in writing  against the Buyer or any of the Buyer's  subsidiaries  or any of the
Buyer's or the Buyer's  Subsidiaries'  officers or directors in their capacities
as such,  that would  reasonably be expected to result in judgments  against the
Buyer or any of its subsidiaries in an amount, individually or in the aggregate,
in excess of $250,000.

3.    LIABILITIES

      3.1 Assumption of liabilities.

            (a) Buyer  acknowledges that it is acquiring the Seller's  Inventory
      and the Alferon N License  hereunder  without any  assumption  of Seller's
      liabilities,  other  than  the  Seller's  payables  in  the  amount  of  $
      408,036.87 listed on Exhibit 1.7, the Seller's commitments on Exhibit 1.7,
      any  payables  incurred  after the date  hereof by Seller in the  ordinary
      course of business  related to the ALFERON N Injection  business,  and any
      other  payables and  commitments of the Seller  reasonably  related to the
      ALFERON N  Injection  business  in an amount not to exceed  $25,000.  With
      respect to the  Buyer's  assumption  of certain of  Seller's  liabilities,
      Buyer may avail itself of any defense  which would have been  available to
      Seller with respect to the Seller's payables or commitments.

            (b) Seller has paid or will pay or fully provide for all federal and
      state  income and other taxes which  relate to the conduct of its business
      through the date of  Closing.  There is no pending tax claim or dispute on
      taxes which  might  result in a lien  against  Seller's  Inventory  or the
      ALFERON N License, except for the Tax Litigation Obligation.


                                       11
<PAGE>

4.    CLOSING OBLIGATIONS

      4.1 Seller's obligations at closing. At the Closing,  Seller shall execute
and deliver to Buyer:

            (a) A bill of sale, assignments,  certificates of title, license and
      all other instruments and documents of conveyance and transfer that may be
      necessary or appropriate to convey and transfer the Seller's Inventory and
      the ALFERON N License.

            (b) True and complete copies of resolutions of the Seller's Board of
      Directors  approving this  Agreement,  authorizing the carrying out of all
      the  transactions  contemplated  herein and the  execution and delivery by
      Seller of all  instruments  then or  thereafter  required  to do so.  Such
      resolutions shall be certified by the Secretary of Seller.

            (c) The consent  validly signed by or on behalf of a majority of the
      shareholders  of Seller  entitled to vote consenting to this Agreement and
      the transactions contemplated hereby.

            (d) All other instruments and documents elsewhere required herein.

            (e) A certificate  signed by the  President  and Seller's  Secretary
      dated the date of Closing,  certifying  that all Seller's  representations
      and  warranties  set forth in this  Agreement  are true and correct in all
      material respects.

      4.2 Seller's implied obligations. From time to time at Buyer's request and
expense,  whether at or after the  Closing and  without  further  consideration,
Seller shall:

            (a) Execute and deliver to Buyer all instruments that are reasonably
      required to carry out the intent and purpose of this Agreement;

            (b) Deliver to Buyer all other data and papers that are requested to
      assist in the


                                       12
<PAGE>

      utilization of the Seller's Inventory and the ALFERON N License; and

            (c) Take all other  actions that Buyer may request more  effectively
      to convey and  transfer  to Buyer,  Seller's  Inventory  and the Alferon N
      License.

      4.3 Buyer's obligations at Closing. At the Closing, Buyer shall:

            (a) Pay to Seller  $115,250.74  representing the first two months of
      the Service Fee as required by Section 1.5.

            (b) Deliver to Seller a stock certificate of the Buyer  representing
      the Closing Shares as required by Section 1.6.

            (c) Execute and  deliver to the Seller a  certificate  signed by the
      Chief  Executive  Officer and the  Secretary of the Buyer stating that the
      representations  and  warranties  of the Buyer are true and correct in all
      material respects.

            (d) Execute and  deliver to the Seller a  certificate  signed by the
      Secretary  of  the  Buyer   certifying  as  to  (i)  the   Certificate  of
      Incorporation  of the Buyer,  (ii) the  By-laws  of the  Buyer,  (iii) the
      adoption of corporate resolutions adopted by the Board of Directors of the
      Buyer approving this Agreement and the  transactions  contemplated  hereby
      and (iv) the  incumbency  of the  officers  of the  Buyer  executing  this
      Agreement and the certificates of the Buyer.

5.    COVENANTS OF THE BUYER

      During the term of the ALFERON N License  Agreement,  Buyer  agrees to use
its reasonable best efforts to exploit the sales of ALFERON N Injection.

6.    MISCELLANEOUS

      6.1 Brokerage. Seller and Buyer each represent to the other that they have
not entered


                                       13
<PAGE>

into any other  agreement or incurred any  obligation  in  connection  with this
transaction which might result in the obligation to pay a brokerage  commission.
Each party  shall  indemnify  and shall hold the other party  harmless  from and
against  any claim or demand by any broker or other  person for  bringing  about
this Agreement who claims to have dealt with such indemnifying party,  including
all expenses  incurred in defending such claim or demand  (including  reasonable
attorneys fees).

      6.2 Indemnification. Each party to this Agreement shall defend, indemnify,
and hold such other party to this Agreement  harmless  against any loss,  damage
(excluding  consequential  damages),  claim of third  parties,  actions,  suits,
demands,  judgments,  or expense (including reasonable legal fees) (collectively
referred to as the "Damages")  actually incurred by such other party as a result
of or attributable to any  misrepresentation  or breach of any representation or
warranty  given or made by such other party.  For a period of two years from the
date hereof,  Seller will hold Buyer  harmless  against all claims for products,
services,  and  professional  liability  against  Seller arising out of sales of
products or services  rendered by Seller before Closing.  Buyer will hold Seller
harmless against all claims for products,  services,  and professional liability
against  Buyer  arising out of sales of  products or services  rendered by Buyer
after  Closing.  Notwithstanding  anything  to the  contrary  contained  herein,
neither party to this  Agreement  shall have any liability to the other party to
this Agreement under this Section 6.2, unless the aggregate  Damages incurred by
such party  exceeds  $250,000  and only to the extent of the amount in excess of
$250,000. In addition, neither party to this Agreement shall commence any action
against the directors,  officers,  shareholders  or individual  employees of the
other party to this Agreement.

      6.3 Entire agreement;  modification.  This Agreement  supersedes all prior
agreements and constitutes the entire agreement  between the parties hereto with
regard to the subject matter hereof.


                                       14
<PAGE>

It may not be amended  or  modified  except by an  instrument  executed  by both
parties.

      6.4 Notices and communications. Any notice, request, instruction, or other
document to be  delivered  hereunder  shall be deemed  sufficiently  given if in
writing and delivered personally,  sent by facsimile transmission,  or mailed by
certified mail, postage prepaid, if to Buyer, addressed to Buyer:

                         William A. Carter, M.D., CEO
                         Hemispherx Biopharma, Inc.
                         One Penn Center
                         1617 JFK Blvd.
                         Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19103

and if addressed to Seller:

                         Interferon Sciences, Inc.
                         783 Jersey Avenue
                         New Brunswick, New Jersey  08901
                         Attn: Chief Executive Officer

unless in each case  Buyer or Seller  has  notified  the other in  writing  of a
different address.

      6.5 Non-Waiver.  No delay or failure by either party to exercise any right
hereunder, and no partial or single exercise of any such right, shall constitute
a waiver of that or any other right, unless otherwise expressly provided herein.

      6.6 Headings in the Agreement are for  convenience  and reference only and
shall not be used to interpret or construe its provisions.


                                       15
<PAGE>

      6.7 Governing  law. This Agreement  shall be construed in accordance  with
and governed by the laws of the State of Delaware.

      6.8 Counterparts.  This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of
which shall be deemed an original but all of which together shall constitute one
and the same instrument.

      6.9 Binding effect.  This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the
benefit  of the  parties  hereto  and their  respective  legal  representatives,
successors, and assigns.

      6.10  Survival of  representations  and  warranties.  Except as  otherwise
expressly  limited in this  Agreement  or the  Schedules  annexed,  the Seller's
representations  and warranties extended hereunder shall survive the Closing for
a period of 12 months.

      6.11 Expenses.  Except as otherwise  expressly provided herein, each party
shall pay all of its own expenses  incidental to the negotiation and preparation
of the  documentation  and  financial  statements  relating  to this  Agreement.
However,  if Buyer  requires  financial  statements of Seller (for  inclusion in
Buyer's financial statements or any other purpose) and such financial statements
are the same as those  included in Seller's  Annual  Report on Form 10-K for the
year ended December 31, 2002, Seller shall provide such financial  statements to
the Buyer and Buyer and Seller shall equally share  Seller's  costs in preparing
such financial  statements.  In addition, if Buyer requires financial statements
of Seller (for inclusion in Buyer's  financial  statements or any other purpose)
and such  financial  statements  are not the same as those  included in Seller's
Annual  Report on Form 10-K for the year ended  December 31, 2002,  the costs of
preparation of Seller's financial statements shall be borne by Buyer.

      6.12 Payment of taxes. All fees, costs,  charges,  and expenses payable to
any federal, state, or municipal authority,  including,  without limitation, all
filing fees, documentary stamps, and


                                       16
<PAGE>

transfer,  sales and other taxes  required to be paid,  or imposed in connection
with the transfer of the Seller's Assets under the terms of this  Agreement,  if
any, shall be paid by Seller. All fees, costs,  charges, and expenses payable to
any federal, state, or municipal authority,  including,  without limitation, all
filing fees, documentary stamps, and transfer, sales and other taxes required to
be paid, or imposed in connection  with the issuance of the Closing Shares shall
be borne by Buyer.

      6.13  Assignment.  Except as may otherwise be expressly  provided  herein,
neither party may assign any right,  obligation,  or liability arising hereunder
without the other party's prior written  consent,  provided,  however,  that the
Seller may assign its rights to the Closing  Shares to a party  which  agrees to
the terms  (including  the limitation on the number of shares which may be sold)
of the Closing Shares.  Any other such assignment or attempted  assignment shall
be null and void.

      In witness  whereof the parties  have  caused  this  Agreement  to be duly
executed on the date first above written.

Seller:  Interferon Sciences, Inc.

         By:    /s/ Lawrence Gordon
            ----------------------------------

Buyer:   Hemispherx Biopharma, Inc.

         By:    /s/ William A. Carter
            ----------------------------------


                                       17
<PAGE>

The following exhibits to this agreement have not been filed herewith:

Exhibit 1.1 -  Schedule of Inventory
Exhibit 1.2 -  ALFERON N License Agreement
Exhibit 1.4 -  Seller's employees to be retained by the Company
Exhibit 1.5 -  services to be provided by Seller to the Buyer utilizing the
               employees of the Seller
Exhibit 1.6 -  Buyer's obligations with respect to the Guaranteed Shares
Exhibit 1.7 -  List of certain outstanding payables of the Seller to be paid by
               Buyer
Exhibit 2.7 -  certain correspondence with the Federal Food and Drug
               Administration
Exhibit 2.8 -  Seller's Tax Litigation Obligation
Exhibit 2.11 - certain information about the capitalization of Buyer

                                       18

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
