<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.51
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>ex10-51.txt
<DESCRIPTION>DAVID HUSBAND EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
                                                                   Exhibit 10.51

                              EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT


     THIS EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT ("Agreement") is made as of February 27, 2003, to
be effective as of January 1, 2003 (the "Effective  Date") by and between VODAVI
TECHNOLOGY,  INC.,  a Delaware  corporation  ("Employer")  and DAVID A.  HUSBAND
("Employee").

                              W I T N E S S E T H:

     Employer  desires to employ  Employee and  Employee  desires to accept such
employment, all on the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth.

     NOW,  THEREFORE,  in  consideration  of the  premises  and  of  the  mutual
covenants set forth in this Agreement, the parties hereto agree as follows:

     1.  EMPLOYMENT.  Employer  hereby  employs  Employee,  and Employee  hereby
accepts  such  employment,  as Vice  President  -- Finance  and Chief  Financial
Officer of Employer and in such other  executive  capacities  and for such other
executive duties and services as shall from time to time be mutually agreed upon
by Employer and Employee.

     2. FULL TIME OCCUPATION.  Employee shall devote  Employee's entire business
time, attention,  and efforts to the performance of Employee's duties under this
Agreement,  and shall serve  Employer  faithfully  and  diligently and shall not
engage in any other employment while employed by Employer.

     3. COMPENSATION AND OTHER BENEFITS.

          (a) SALARY.  Employer shall pay to Employee,  as compensation  for the
services rendered by Employee during Employee's employment under this Agreement,
a base  salary at a rate of  $135,000  per annum (the "Base  Salary").  Employer
shall pay the Base Salary in  accordance  with  Employer's  established  payroll
procedures.

          (b) BONUS. In addition to the Base Salary,  Employee shall be eligible
to receive annual bonus compensation (the "Bonus") in an amount to be set by the
Compensation Committee of Employer's Board of Directors, at the committee's sole
and exclusive discretion.

          (c)  REIMBURSEMENT.  Employer shall reimburse  Employee for all travel
and  entertainment  expenses and other ordinary and necessary  business expenses
incurred by Employee in connection  with the business of Employer and Employee's
duties under this Agreement.  The term "business expenses" shall not include any
item not at least  partially  deductible  by  Employer  for  federal  income tax
purposes. Reimbursements shall be made by Employer in accordance with Employer's
normal expense policies and procedures.

          (d) FRINGE BENEFITS.  Employee shall be entitled to participate in any
group insurance, pension, retirement, vacation, expense reimbursement, and other
plans,  programs,  and  benefits  approved  by the Board of  Directors  and made
available from time to time to executive  employees of Employer generally during
the term of Employee's  employment  hereunder.  The foregoing shall not obligate
Employer to adopt or maintain any particular plan, program, or benefit.
<PAGE>
     4. TERM OF EMPLOYMENT.

          (a) EMPLOYMENT TERM. The term of Employee's employment hereunder shall
commence on the Effective  Date and shall  continue until December 31, 2003. The
term of Employee's employment hereunder shall automatically renew for successive
one-year  terms,  unless and until  terminated  by either party  giving  written
notice to the other not less than 30 days  prior to the end of the  then-current
term or as otherwise set forth in Section 4(b).

          (b) TERMINATION UNDER CERTAIN CIRCUMSTANCES.  Notwithstanding anything
to the contrary herein contained:

               (i) DEATH.  Employee's  employment  and this  Agreement  shall be
automatically terminated,  without notice, effective upon the date of Employee's
death.

               (ii)  DISABILITY.  If  Employee  shall  fail  to  perform  any of
Employee's essential job duties under this Agreement as the result of illness or
other incapacity, with or without reasonable accommodation, for a period of more
than 12 consecutive weeks, or for more than 12 weeks within any 12-month period,
as determined by Employer for purposes of compliance with the Family and Medical
Leave Act, Employer may, at its option,  and upon notice to Employee,  terminate
Employee's employment and this Agreement effective on the date of that notice.

               (iii)  UNILATERAL  DECISION  OF  EMPLOYER.  Employer  may, at its
option,  upon  notice to  Employee,  terminate  Employee's  employment  and this
Agreement  effective  on the date of that  notice.  A  reduction  in  Employee's
responsibilities,  as such  responsibilities  are described in Section 1 of this
Agreement,  by  Employer  shall  constitute  a  termination  under this  Section
4(b)(iii).

               (iv) UNILATERAL DECISION BY EMPLOYEE. Employee may, at his option
and upon notice to Employer,  terminate Employee's employment and this Agreement
effective on the date of that notice.

               (v)  TERMINATION  FOR CAUSE.  Employer may  terminate  Employee's
employment  under this  Agreement at any time,  effective upon written notice to
Employee, if the termination of Employee's employment is for Cause. For purposes
of this  Section  4(b)(v),  for Cause  shall mean (A) the  failure or refusal of
Employee to perform the duties or render the services reasonably assigned to him
from time to time by the Board of  Directors,  (B) gross  negligence  or willful
misconduct  by  Employee  in the  performance  of his duties as an  employee  of
Employer,  (C) the  charging or  indictment  of Employee  in  connection  with a
felony, (D) the association, directly or indirectly, of Employee, for his profit
or financial benefit, with any person, firm, partnership, association, entity or
corporation  that  competes,  in  any  material  way,  with  Employer,  (E)  the
disclosing or using of any material  "Confidential  Information" (as hereinafter
defined) of Employer at any time by Employee,  except as required in  connection
with his duties to Employer, (F) the breach by Employee of his fiduciary duty or
duty of trust to Employer,  including  the  commission  by Employee of an act of

                                       2
<PAGE>
fraud or embezzlement against Employer,  (G) chronic absenteeism,  (H) substance
abuse,  or (I) any  other  material  breach by  Employee  of any of the terms or
provisions of this  Agreement,  which other material  breach is not cured within
ten (10) business days of notice by Employer.

               (vi) CHANGE OF  CONTROL.  In the event of a Change of Control (as
defined  below),  Employer or Employee  may, at their  respective  option,  upon
notice to the other,  terminate  Employee's  employment  by providing  the other
party with 30 days'  written  notice after the  effective  date of the Change of
Control. For the purposes of this Agreement,  a "Change in Control" shall mean a
change in control of  Employer of a nature that would be required to be reported
in response to Item 6(e) of Schedule 14A of Regulation 14A promulgated under the
Securities  Exchange Act of 1934,  as amended,  as in effect on the date of this
Agreement, or if Item 6(e) is no longer in effect, any regulations issued by the
Securities and Exchange  Commission  pursuant to the Securities  Exchange Act of
1934, as amended,  which serve similar purposes;  provided further that, without
limitation, a Change in Control shall be deemed to have occurred if and when:

                    (A) TURNOVER OF BOARD.  The following  individuals no longer
constitute a majority of the members of the Board of Directors of Employer:  (1)
the individuals  who, as of the date of this Agreement,  constitute the Board of
Directors  of  Employer  (the  "Current  Directors");  (2) the  individuals  who
thereafter are elected to the Board of Directors of Employer and whose election,
or nomination  for election,  to the Board of Directors of Employer was approved
by a vote of at least  two-thirds  (2/3) of the Current  Directors then still in
office (such directors becoming  "Additional  Directors"  immediately  following
their  election);  and (3) the  individuals  who are  elected  to the  Board  of
Directors of Employer and whose  election,  or nomination  for election,  to the
Board of Directors  of Employer  was  approved by a vote of at least  two-thirds
(2/3) of the Current  Directors and  Additional  Directors  then still in office
(such directors also becoming "Additional Directors" immediately following their
election);

                    (B) TENDER OFFER.  A tender offer or exchange  offer is made
whereby the effect of such offer is to take over and control Employer,  and such
offer is consummated for the equity securities of Employer  representing  twenty
percent  (20%)  or  more  of  the  combined  voting  power  of  Employer's  then
outstanding voting securities;

                    (C) MERGER OR  CONSOLIDATION.  The  stockholders of Employer
shall approve a merger,  consolidation,  recapitalization,  or reorganization of
Employer,   a  reverse  stock  split  of  outstanding  voting   securities,   or
consummation  of any such  transaction if stockholder  approval is not obtained,
other  than any such  transaction  that  would  result in at least  seventy-five
percent (75%) of the total voting power  represented by the voting securities of
the  surviving  entity  outstanding  immediately  after such  transaction  being
beneficially  owned by the holders of outstanding  voting securities of Employer
immediately  prior to the  transaction,  with  the  voting  power  of each  such
continuing  holder relative to other such continuing  holders not  substantially
altered in the transaction; or

                    (D)  LIQUIDATION  OR SALE OF  ASSETS.  The  stockholders  of
Employer  shall  approve  a plan  of  complete  liquidation  of  Employer  or an
agreement  for the  sale or  disposition  by  Employer  of all or a  substantial
portion of Employer's assets to another person or entity,  which is not a wholly


                                       3
<PAGE>
owned  subsidiary  of Employer  (i.e.,  fifty percent (50%) or more of the total
assets of Employer).

          (c)  RESULT  OF  TERMINATION.  In  the  event  of the  termination  of
Employee's  employment pursuant to SECTIONS 4(B)(I) (IV) or (V) above,  Employee
shall receive no further compensation under this Agreement and all of Employee's
unvested  Options  shall  be  cancelled.  In the  event  of the  termination  of
Employee's employment pursuant to SECTION 4(B)(II) or (III) above,

               (i) Employee shall continue to receive his Base Salary during the
Severance Period.  For purposes of this Agreement,  the "Severance Period" shall
be a period commencing on the date of termination and ending on the date that is
six  months  following  the  date of  termination;  PROVIDED  HOWEVER,  that the
Severance  Period shall be extended one month on the last day of each  six-month
period  following the  Effective  Date so long as Employee  remains  employed by
Employer (for the avoidance of doubt,  the first  extension  shall occur on June
30, 2003);  PROVIDED,  FURTHER,  that in no event shall the Severance  Period be
greater than nine months; and

               (ii)  Employee's  vested  options  as of the date of  termination
shall remain  outstanding  through the 120-day period following the then-current
term of this  Agreement.  All of Employee's  unvested  options as of the date of
termination shall be cancelled.

          (d) RESULT OF CHANGE OF CONTROL. As incentive for Employee to actively
pursue the best interests of Employer's  stockholders,  in the event of a Change
of Control (as that term is defined in SECTION 4(B)(VI) of this Agreement), then
(i) Employee shall earn the Change of Control Bonus,  which shall be paid in one
lump sum payment  within ten business days from the effective date of the Change
of Control in the event of a Change of  Control,  and (ii) any  options  held by
Employee that remain  unvested as of the effective date of the Change of Control
shall  become  fully  vested and  exercisable  as of such  effective  date.  For
purposes of this Agreement,  the "Change of Control Bonus" shall be based on the
value of the  transaction  resulting in the Change of Control and shall be equal
to an amount according to the following schedule:

                Value of Transaction               Change of Control Bonus
                --------------------               -----------------------

          Less than or equal to $13,999,999                 $25,000
          $14,000,000 - $14,999,999                         $31,250
          $15,000,000 - $15,999,999                         $37,500
          $16,000,000 - $16,999,999                         $43,750
          $17,000,000 - $17,999,999                         $50,000
          $18,000,000 - $18,999,999                         $56,250
          $19,000,000 or greater                            $62,500

The Change of Control  Bonus  shall be  payable  in cash,  securities,  or other
consideration  in the same  proportions as paid in the transaction  resulting in
the  Change  of  Control.  In  addition,  in the  event  of the  termination  of
Employee's employment pursuant to Section 4(b)(vi) above Employee shall continue
to receive his Base Salary during the Severance Period.

                                       4
<PAGE>
     5. COMPETITION AND CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION.

          (a)  INTERESTS  TO BE  PROTECTED.  For purposes of this SECTION 5, the
term "Employer" shall include Vodavi  Technology,  Inc. and any entity that is a
direct or indirect subsidiary of Vodavi Technology, Inc. during the term of this
Agreement. The parties acknowledge that Employee will perform essential services
for Employer during the term of Employee's  employment  with Employer.  Employee
will be exposed to, have access to, and be required to work with a  considerable
amount  of  Confidential  Information  (as  defined  below).  The  parties  also
expressly  recognize  and  acknowledge  that the personnel of Employer have been
trained by and are valuable to Employer and that Employer will incur substantial
expense in  recruiting  and training  personnel if it must hire new personnel or
retrain  existing  personnel  to fill  vacancies.  The  parties  also  expressly
recognize that it could seriously  impair the goodwill and diminish the value of
Employer's  business  should  Employee  compete  with  Employer  in  any  manner
whatsoever. The parties acknowledge that this covenant has an extended duration;
however,  they agree that this covenant is  reasonable,  and it is necessary for
the protection of Employer, its stockholders, and employees. For these and other
reasons,  and the fact  that  there  are  many  other  employment  opportunities
available to Employee if his employment with Employer is terminated, the parties
are in full and complete agreement that the following  restrictive covenants are
fair and  reasonable  and are entered into freely,  voluntarily,  and knowingly.
Furthermore,  each party was given the  opportunity to consult with  independent
legal counsel before entering into this Agreement.

          (b)  NON-COMPETITION.  During the term of Employee's  employment  with
Employer and for the period ending 12 months after the termination of Employee's
employment with Employer,  regardless of the reason therefor, Employee shall not
(whether  directly  or  indirectly,  as owner,  principal,  agent,  stockholder,
director,  officer, manager,  employee,  partner,  participant,  or in any other
capacity) engage in or become financially interested in any competitive business
conducted  within the Restricted  Territory (as defined below).  As used herein,
the term "competitive business" shall mean any business that designs,  develops,
markets, or supports commercial telephone systems,  commercial grade telephones,
voice processing systems  (including,  but not limited to, automated  attendant,
voice mail, or fax mail),  computer-telephony  integration products, and related
computer software products;  and the term "Restricted  Territory" shall mean any
area in which  Employer  conducts  its  business  during  Employee's  employment
hereunder.

          (c)  NON-SOLICITATION  OF  EMPLOYEES.  During  the term of  Employee's
employment  and for a period of 12 months after the  termination  of  Employee's
employment with Employer,  regardless of the reason therefor, Employee shall not
directly or indirectly,  for himself,  or on behalf of, or in conjunction  with,
any other person, company,  partnership,  corporation,  or other entity, seek to
hire or hire any of Employer's  personnel or employees for the purpose of having
such employee engage in services that are the same,  similar,  or related to the
services that such employee provided for Employer.

          (d)  CONFIDENTIAL  INFORMATION.  Employee  shall  maintain  in  strict
secrecy all confidential or trade secret information, whether patentable or not,
relating to the business of Employer (the "Confidential  Information")  obtained
by Employee in the course of  Employee's  employment,  and  Employee  shall not,
unless  first  authorized  in  writing  by  Employer,  disclose  to,  or use for

                                       5
<PAGE>
Employee's benefit or for the benefit of any person, firm, or entity at any time
either  during  or  subsequent  to  the  term  of  Employee's  employment,   any
Confidential  Information,  except as required in the  performance of Employee's
duties on behalf of Employer.  For  purposes  hereof,  Confidential  Information
shall  include  without  limitation  any  technical  plans and drawings or other
reproductions  or materials of any kind; any financial  information with respect
to Employer or its business; any trade secrets,  knowledge,  or information with
respect to products,  processes,  inventions,  formulae, software, source codes,
object codes,  algorithms,  and services  provided;  any  operating  procedures,
techniques, or know-how; any business methods or forms; any names, addresses, or
data on suppliers or customers;  and any business  policies or other information
relating to or dealing with the purchasing, sales, advertising,  promotional, or
distribution policies or practices of Employer.

          (e) RETURN OF BOOKS AND PAPERS.  Upon the  termination  of  Employee's
employment  with Employer for any reason,  Employee  shall  deliver  promptly to
Employer all samples or demonstration models,  catalogues,  manuals,  memoranda,
drawings,  software,  source or object code, formulae,  and specifications,  and
operating procedures;  all cost, pricing, and other financial data; all supplier
and customer  information;  all other written or printed  materials that are the
property of Employer (and any copies of them); and all other materials which may
contain  Confidential  Information  relating to the business of Employer,  which
Employee may then have in his possession whether prepared by Employee or not.

          (f) DISCLOSURE OF  INFORMATION.  Employee  shall disclose  promptly to
Employer,  or  its  nominee,  any  and  all  ideas,  designs,   processes,   and
improvements  of  any  kind  relating  to  the  business  of  Employer,  whether
patentable or not,  conceived or made by Employee,  either alone or jointly with
others,  during  working  hours  or  otherwise,  during  the  entire  period  of
Employee's employment with Employer, or within six months thereafter.

          (g) ASSIGNMENT. Employee hereby assigns to Employer or its nominee the
entire right,  title,  and interest in and to all inventions,  discoveries,  and
improvements,  whether  patentable  or not,  that  Employee may conceive or make
during Employee's employment with Employer, or within six months thereafter, and
which  relate  to the  business  of  Employer.  Whenever  requested  to do so by
Employer,  whether  during the period of Employee's  employment  or  thereafter,
Employee  shall  execute  any  and  all  applications,  assignments,  and  other
instruments  that Employer  shall deem  necessary or  appropriate  to apply for,
obtain,  or  maintain  Letters  Patent of the  United  States or of any  foreign
country, or to protect otherwise the interest of Employer therein.

          (h)  EQUITABLE  RELIEF.  In  the  event  a  violation  of  any  of the
restrictions  contained  in this  Section  is  established,  Employer  shall  be
entitled to preliminary and permanent  injunctive  relief as well as damages and
an equitable  accounting of all earnings,  profits,  and other benefits  arising
from such  violation,  which  right shall be  cumulative  and in addition to any
other rights or remedies to which  Employer  may be entitled.  In the event of a
violation  of any  provision  of  SECTIONS  5(B),  5(C),  5(F),  or 5(G) of this
Agreement, the period for which those provisions would remain in effect shall be
extended for a period of time equal to that period beginning when such violation
commenced and ending when the activities  constituting such violation shall have
been finally terminated in good faith.

                                       6
<PAGE>
          (i)  RESTRICTIONS  SEPARABLE.  If the scope of any  provision  of this
SECTION 5 is found by a Court to be too broad to permit  enforcement to its full
extent, then such provision shall be enforced to the maximum extent permitted by
law. The parties  agree that the scope of any provision of this SECTION 5 may be
modified by a judge in any  proceeding to enforce this  Agreement,  so that such
provision can be enforced to the maximum extent permitted by law. Each and every
restriction  set forth in this SECTION 5 is  independent  and severable from the
others, and no such restriction shall be rendered unenforceable by virtue of the
fact that, for any reason,  any other or others of them may be  unenforceable in
whole or in part.

          (j)  SURVIVAL.  Employer and Employee  acknowledge  and agree that the
obligations and rights set forth in this SECTION 5 shall survive the termination
of this Agreement and Employee's employment by either Employer or Employee under
SECTION 4 of this Agreement.

     6. MISCELLANEOUS.

          (a) NOTICES. All notices, requests,  demands, and other communications
required  or  permitted  under this  Agreement  shall be in writing and shall be
deemed to have been duly given, made, and received (i) if personally  delivered,
on the date of  delivery,  (ii) if by  facsimile  transmission,  24 hours  after
transmitter's confirmation of the receipt of such transmission, (iii) if mailed,
three days after  deposit in the United  States mail,  registered  or certified,
return receipt  requested,  postage  prepaid and addressed as provided below, or
(iv)  if  by a  courier  delivery  service  providing  overnight  or  "next-day"
delivery,  on the next business day after deposit with such service addressed as
follows:

                       (1) If to Employer:

                           Vodavi Technology, Inc.
                           4717 East Hilton Avenue
                           Suite 400
                           Phoenix, Arizona  85034
                           Attention:  Chairman of the Board
                           Fax: (480) 483-0144

                           with a copy given in the manner
                           prescribed above, to:

                           Greenberg Traurig, LLP
                           2375 E. Camelback Road, Suite 700
                           Phoenix, Arizona  85016
                           Attention:  Robert S. Kant, Esq.
                           Fax: (602) 445-8100

                       (2) If to Employee:

                           David A. Husband
                           16608 S. 15th Drive
                           Phoenix, Arizona 85045

                                       7
<PAGE>
Either party may alter the address to which  communications  or copies are to be
sent by  giving  notice  of such  change  of  address  in  conformity  with  the
provisions of this paragraph for the giving of notice.

          (b)  INDULGENCES;  WAIVERS.  Neither  any failure nor any delay on the
part of either party to exercise any right,  remedy,  power,  or privilege under
this  Agreement  shall  operate  as a waiver  thereof,  nor shall any  single or
partial exercise of any right, remedy, power, or privilege preclude any other or
further exercise of the same or of any other right, remedy, power, or privilege,
nor shall any waiver of any right,  remedy,  power, or privilege with respect to
any  occurrence  be  construed  as a waiver of such  right,  remedy,  power,  or
privilege  with  respect  to any other  occurrence.  No waiver  shall be binding
unless executed in writing by the party making the waiver.

          (c) CONTROLLING LAW. This Agreement and all questions  relating to its
validity, interpretation,  performance and enforcement, shall be governed by and
construed in accordance  with the laws of the state of Arizona,  notwithstanding
any Arizona or other conflict-of-interest provisions to the contrary.

          (d)  BINDING  NATURE  OF  AGREEMENT;   SUCCESSORS  AND  ASSIGNS.  This
Agreement  shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties  hereto
and their respective heirs, personal representatives,  successors,  and assigns;
provided  that  because  the  obligations  of  Employee  hereunder  involve  the
performance of personal  services,  such  obligations  shall not be delegated by
Employee. For purposes of this Agreement,  successors and assigns shall include,
but not be limited to, any individual, corporation, trust, partnership, or other
entity  that  acquires a majority  of the stock or assets of  Employer  by sale,
merger,  consolidation,  liquidation,  or other form of transfer.  Employer will
require  any  successor  (whether  direct  or  indirect,  by  purchase,  merger,
consolidation or otherwise) to all or  substantially  all of the business and/or
assets of Employer to expressly  assume and agree to perform  this  Agreement in
the same  manner and to the same  extent  that  Employer  would be  required  to
perform it if no such succession had taken place.

          (e) EXECUTION IN  COUNTERPARTS.  This Agreement may be executed in any
number of  counterparts,  each of which  shall be deemed  to be an  original  as
against  any party  whose  signature  appears  thereon,  and all of which  shall
together  constitute one and the same  instrument.  This Agreement  shall become
binding when one or more  counterparts  hereof,  individually or taken together,
shall bear the signatures of the parties reflected hereon as the signatories.

          (f)  PROVISIONS  SEPARABLE.  The  provisions  of  this  Agreement  are
independent of and separable from each other, and no provision shall be affected
or rendered  invalid or  unenforceable by virtue of the fact that for any reason
any other or others of them may be invalid or unenforceable in whole or in part.

          (g) ENTIRE AGREEMENT. This Agreement contains the entire agreement and
understanding  between the parties  hereto  with  respect to the subject  matter
hereof   and   supersedes   all  prior  and   contemporaneous   agreements   and
understandings, inducements and conditions, express or implied, oral or written,
except as herein  contained.  The express terms hereof control and supersede any

                                       8
<PAGE>
course of  performance  and/or usage of the trade  inconsistent  with any of the
terms  hereof.  This  Agreement  may not be modified or amended other than by an
agreement in writing.

          (h) PARAGRAPH  HEADINGS.  The paragraph headings in this Agreement are
for  convenience  only; they form no part of this Agreement and shall not affect
its interpretation.

          (i) NUMBER OF DAYS.  In  computing  the number of days for purposes of
this Agreement,  all days shall be counted,  including  Saturdays,  Sundays, and
holidays; provided, however, that if the final day of any time period falls on a
Saturday,  Sunday, or holiday, then the final day shall be deemed to be the next
day that is not a Saturday, Sunday, or holiday.



                   [REMANDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]

                                       9
<PAGE>
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of the date
first above written.


                                    VODAVI TECHNOLOGY, INC.

                                    By:    /s/ Gregory K. Roeper
                                           -------------------------------------
                                    Name:  Gregory K. Roeper
                                    Title: Chief Executive Officer and President


                                    EMPLOYEE

                                    /s/ David A. Husband
                                    --------------------------------------------
                                    David A. Husband

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
