<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>exhibit10p.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10P
<TEXT>

                               SEVERANCE AGREEMENT
                               -------------------


         THIS AGREEMENT is dated as of March 13, 2003 between TASTY BAKING
COMPANY, a Pennsylvania corporation (the "Company"), and GARY G. KYLE
("Executive").

                               W I T N E S S E T H
                               -------------------

         WHEREAS, Executive has served the Company as Vice President,  Marketing
and National Sales; and

         WHEREAS,  Executive's  Employment  Agreement  dated as of September 30,
1999 was  terminated by  Resolution  of the Board of Directors  according to its
terms on December 20, 2002; and

         WHEREAS,  Executive  and  the  Company  are  willing  to  enter  into a
severance agreement upon the terms and conditions set forth below.

         NOW,  THEREFORE,  in  consideration  of  the  mutual  covenants  herein
contained  and of the mutual  benefits  herein  provided,  and  intending  to be
legally bound hereby, the Company and Executive hereby agree as follows:

         Section 1.  Resignation.  Executive  hereby resigns as Vice  President,
Marketing and National Sales and from all other  positions and  employment  with
the Company  effective  December 28, 2002, and Company accepts such resignation,
on the terms and conditions herein  contained.  Executive will vacate his office
promptly on or before  December 28, 2002.  Thereafter,  Executive  shall have no
duties,  responsibility  or  authority  with  respect to the  Company  and shall
perform no services for the Company; provided, however, that Executive will make
himself  reasonably  available for up to 40 hours to the Company,  its attorneys
and anyone else at the  request of the  Company,  taking into  account any other
business commitments Executive may have, without fee, compensation or payment of
expenses  (except as provided in the  immediately  following  sentence) from the
Company, in connection with any legal, regulatory, governmental or investigatory
matter,  including  litigation,  pertaining  to  the  Company,  its  affiliates,
directors,  officers,  employees or agents, at times and locations determined by
the Company. The Company will reimburse Executive for reasonable travel expenses
in accordance with then existing  policies  established for senior executives of
the  Company.  Executive  will  cooperate  with  the  Company  in  such  matters
consistent with his duty of loyalty to the Company.  To the extent  Executive is
asked to provide  information in connection  with such matters,  Executive shall
provide complete, honest and accurate information to the best of his ability.

         Section 2.  Outplacement.  Company will pay an aggregate maximum amount
of  $10,000  directly  to a firm or  firms  that  Employee  selects  subject  to
Company's  approval,  which approval  shall not be  unreasonably  withheld,  for
outplacement  executive  search and related  services such firm(s)  render(s) to
Employee over a period ending one year from the date hereof.


         Section 3. Severance.
                    ---------

                 (a) The Company  shall pay  Executive  his current  base weekly
salary  of  $3,326.92,  less  federal,  state,  and  local  taxes  and all other
withholdings  required by law, or  authorized  by  Executive,  each week through
December 27, 2003.  Except as otherwise  provided

<PAGE>

herein,  such  payments  shall  include and be deemed to satisfy  the  Company's
obligations for any and all accrued but unpaid vacation pay and any other amount
claimed by  Executive  to be owed him from the Company as of December  28, 2002.
Payments shall be made in accordance with the Company's regular pay practice for
senior executive  employees as in effect from time to time;  provided,  however,
that the  Company  shall be  entitled  to offset from any amount paid under this
Agreement any amount Executive  receives as unemployment  compensation  benefits
covering  the period  December 29, 2002  through  December  27, 2003.  Executive
hereby authorizes  deductions of said amounts from any payments due him from the
Company.  In the event there are no longer any payments due  Executive  from the
Company, Executive will reimburse the Company for said amounts promptly.

                 (b)  Effective  December  29,  2002,  Executive  shall  not  be
entitled to any compensation,  bonus, vacation, leave time, benefits or anything
else of value from the Company except as expressly provided in this Agreement.

         Section 4. Retirement. Nothwithstanding anything else set forth in this
Agreement, Executive maintains the right to whatever benefits he may be entitled
under the Company's  Pension Plan and Thrift Plan,  said plans being governed by
their respective plan documents and any amendments thereto.

         Section 5. Additional Terms.
                    -----------------

                 (a) As of January 10, 2003, the Company will cease making lease
payments or providing any reimbursement  for lease payments  associated with the
use of Executive's current Company car. Executive will be entitled to retain the
use of his current  Company car through the end of the term of the current lease
for the  vehicle,  provided  that  Executive  executes  any  and  all  documents
necessary  to assume the lease for such  vehicle and to relieve the Company from
any obligations  under such lease. The Company will help facilitate  Executive's
negotiations with the leasing company. Otherwise,  Executive will return the car
to the leasing  company by no later than January 10, 2003.  Executive  will bear
all costs of fuel, maintenance, repairs and insurance on the vehicle and will be
responsible  for all costs  associated  with the  operation of the vehicle after
December 28, 2002.

                 (b) The Company will issue the appropriate Consolidated Omnibus
Reconciliation  Act  ("COBRA")  notices to  Executive.  If Executive  chooses to
exercise his COBRA rights,  the Company will pay the COBRA premium for Executive
on the same basis as if  Executive  were still an employee of the Company  until
the earlier of December 27, 2003,  such time as Executive  becomes  eligible for
comparable  health  insurance  coverage  with  another  employer,  or  the  date
Executive  breaches any term of this Agreement.  Thereafter,  Executive shall be
entitled to whatever remaining rights are available to him under COBRA.

                 (c)  Executive  will not  receive any new or  additional  stock
options or stock based  incentives  after  December  28,  2002.  Existing  stock
options will remain in place and expire in the normal course in accordance  with
their  terms.  Unexercised  vested  options  (27,500  shares) will expire if not
exercised in accordance  with their terms,  which is currently  ninety (90) days
from termination of employment.  Unvested options (2,000 shares) at December 28,
2002 are  forfeited.  The 2000  restricted  stock award  (6,000  shares) will be
deemed surrendered and is cancelled as of December 28, 2002.


                                      -2-
<PAGE>

                 (d) The Company has  reimbursed  Executive  for all  reasonable
expenses  properly  incurred  by  Executive  through  December  28,  2002 in the
performance  of  Executive's  duties,  in accordance  with the current  policies
established for senior executives of the Company.

                 (e)  Executive  does not  qualify  for any  benefits  under his
Supplemental  Executive  Retirement  Plan  Agreement  ("SERP"),  which is hereby
extinguished and cancelled.

                 (f)  Notwithstanding  anything in this Agreement that is or may
be construed to the contrary,  nothing in this Agreement prevents or is intended
to prevent the  Company  from  terminating,  modifying,  or changing  any of its
employee or  retirement  benefit  plans or policies  for  employees  or retirees
(including,  but not limited  to, any medical  insurance  plan,  life  insurance
policy or pension plan), or any part of any of them at any time, or changing the
amount of employee or retiree  contributions  (or co-pay) for coverage under any
such policies or plans, at any time, including,  but not limited to, Executive's
benefits or co-pay when changed for senior  executives  generally.  Each of such
plans will be governed by its terms and to the extent there is any inconsistency
or ambiguity between any of said plans and this Agreement, the terms of the plan
shall control.

         Section 6. Prior Agreements.  All prior agreements between the parties,
including the  Employment  Agreement  dated as of September 30, 1999, are hereby
terminated and declared null and void.

         Section 7. Termination of this Agreement.
                   -------------------------------

                 (a) This Agreement  shall cease and terminate upon the earliest
to occur of the events specified below:

                         (i) December 27, 2003;

                         (ii) The death of Executive;

                         (iii)  Executive's  breach  of any of the terms of this
Agreement which, if capable of being cured,  continues  uncorrected for a period
of twenty (20) days after written notice of the acts  constituting  such alleged
breach is given to Executive.

                 (b)  If   Executive   dies   prior  to   December   27,   2003,
notwithstanding termination of this Agreement, the Company shall be obligated to
continue  to pay  Executive's  weekly  severance  benefit to his Estate  through
December 27, 2003.

                 (c) In the event that Executive  becomes  "disabled" within the
meaning of any disability  insurance plan covering  Executive,  and Executive is
awarded payments  thereunder,  the payment of such benefits shall have no effect
on the Company's obligations to make the payments under Section 3(a) hereof.

                 (d)  Notwithstanding  anything in Section  7(a) to the contrary
but subject to the  provisions of Section 15 hereof,  except (i) for  retirement
benefits under the Company's pension plan and any 401k Thrift plan, (ii) for any
indemnification  obligations  to which  Executive  may become  entitled from the
Company   whether  by  contract  or  pursuant  to  the  Company's   articles  of
incorporation or bylaws,  (iii) for any rights under current  outstanding  stock
options, and (iv) as


                                      -3-
<PAGE>

otherwise  expressly provided herein,  this Agreement and all of the liabilities
and  obligations  of the Company  shall cease and terminate  effective  upon the
termination of this Agreement.

         Section 8. Agreement is Voluntary. Executive acknowledges that he fully
understands  the terms of this  Agreement and that he enters into it voluntarily
without any coercion on the part of any person;  that he was given adequate time
to consider  all of its  implications  and freely and fully to consult  with and
seek the advice of whomever he deemed  appropriate;  and that he has relied upon
no representation of any representative of Company in signing this Agreement.

         Section 9. Release. In consideration of the promises in this Agreement,
Executive,  for  himself,  and his agents,  representatives,  heirs,  executors,
administrators,  insurers,  attorneys,  successors and assigns, and all persons,
corporations or other entities connected therewith which might claim by, through
or  under  them  or any of  them  (all  of  whom  are  hereby  individually  and
collectively referred to in this paragraph as "Releasors"), does hereby release,
remise and forever  discharge the Company,  its  respective  direct and indirect
subsidiaries,  affiliates,  investors, insurers, attorneys, successors, assigns,
and  each  of  their  agents,  servants,   shareholders,   employees,  officers,
directors,  trustees,  representatives  and attorneys,  and each of their heirs,
successors,   executors  and   administrators   (all  of  whom  are  hereinafter
individually and collectively referred to in this paragraph as "Releasees"),  of
and from  any and all  claims,  demands,  causes  of  action,  actions,  rights,
damages,  judgments,  costs, compensation,  suits, debts, dues, accounts, bonds,
covenants,  agreements,  expenses, attorneys' fees, damages, penalties, punitive
damages  and  liability  of  any  nature  whatsoever,  in law  or in  equity  or
otherwise,  which Releasors have had, now have, shall or may have in the future,
whether known or unknown, foreseen or unforeseen,  suspected or unsuspected,  by
reason of any cause,  matter or thing  whatsoever,  including  those relating to
Executive's  employment with the Company and the termination of that employment,
except as expressly provided in the immediately  following sentence, to the date
of this  Agreement.  Notwithstanding  anything  contained in this Release to the
contrary, Executive does not release, remise or discharge the Company of or from
any claims which he may have under (a) the Company's qualified  retirement plans
or 401k Thrift plan;  all of said plans being  governed by their plan  documents
and any amendments thereto; (b) the indemnification  provisions contained in the
Company's Articles of Incorporation  and/or Bylaws,  and/or any  indemnification
agreement in favor of Executive,  relating to indemnification of officers and/or
directors; and (c) under this Agreement.

         By the execution of this Agreement,  Executive  acknowledges that he is
giving up all claims related to his employment  with Company and the termination
of that employment,  including but not limited to, claims for breach of contract
or  implied   contract,   wrongful,   retaliatory  or  constructive   discharge,
negligence, misrepresentation, fraud, detrimental reliance, promissory estoppel,
defamation, invasion of privacy, impairment of economic opportunity, intentional
or negligent  infliction  of emotional  distress,  any and all other torts,  and
claims for attorneys' fees, as well as the statutory claims described below.

         Executive  further  acknowledges  that  various  state and federal laws
prohibit  discrimination based on age, gender, race, color, and national origin,
religion,  handicap or veterans  status.  These  include  Title VII of the Civil
Rights Act of 1964, 42 U.S.C. ss. 2000e et seq. and the Civil Rights Act of 1991
(relating  to race,  gender,  national  origin,  and certain  other kinds of job
discrimination);  the Age  Discrimination  in Employment  Act, 29 U.S.C.  626 et
seq., (relating to age discrimination in employment), the Older Worker's Benefit
Protection  Act, 29 U.S.C.  ss. 626, the  Rehabilitation  Act of 1973, the Civil
Rights  Act of 1866  and  1871,  the  Americans  with  Disabilities  Act and the
Pennsylvania  Human  Relations Act. He also  understands and  acknowledges  that
there  are  various


                                      -4-
<PAGE>

federal and state laws governing wage and hour issues, including but not limited
to the Fair Labor Standards Act,  Pennsylvania wage and hour laws, and the Equal
Pay Act of 1963.  He  acknowledges  that he is giving up any  claims he may have
under any of these  statutes  and under any other  federal,  state or  municipal
statute, ordinance,  executive order or regulation relating to discrimination in
employment,  wage and hour issues,  or in any way  pertaining to his  employment
relationship with the Company. He understands and acknowledges that this release
applies to all such employment-related claims that he now has or may have to the
date of this Agreement.

         Releasor  agrees that he will not, at any time  hereafter,  nor will he
permit, at any time hereafter,  any person acting under his direction or control
to, initiate,  maintain, or prosecute,  or in any way knowingly aid, directly or
indirectly, in the initiation, maintenance, or prosecution of, any claim, demand
suit,  accounting,  or cause of action  against the  Releasees,  or any of them,
arising out of, or in any way  connected  with any matter,  thing,  transaction,
occurrence,  act or  omission  with  respect  to  which a  release  is  provided
hereunder.

         Nothing herein is intended to foreclose  Executive from filing a charge
with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission.  In the event such a charge is
filed,  Executive  shall be precluded  from  recovering  any monetary  relief or
obtaining any other personal recovery.

         If Executive, his heirs or personal  representatives,  or any person or
entity acting on his or their behalf,  takes,  pursues or supports any action to
determine that this Release,  or any part hereof, or any other release contained
in this  Agreement is invalid and if this  Release,  or any part hereof,  or any
other  release  contained in this  Agreement is determined to be invalid for any
reason, then all obligations of the Company under this Agreement shall cease and
Executive  shall repay to the  Company all amounts  paid to him or on his behalf
pursuant to this Agreement..

         Section   10.  Age   Discrimination   Release.   Executive   fully  and
unconditionally  releases  Releasees from any and all claims which he has or may
have  against  Releasees  or any of them up to and  including  the  date of this
Agreement  under the Age  Discrimination  in Employment  Act of 1967, as amended
("ADEA"), or any other statute prohibiting discrimination based upon age.

         Section 11. Compliance with Older Worker's Benefit Protection Act. This
Agreement is intended to comply with Section 201 of the Older  Worker's  Benefit
Protection Act of 1990. Accordingly,  Executive acknowledges and represents that
he: (a) waives his claims under the ADEA  knowingly and  voluntarily in exchange
for  consideration  of value to which he would not otherwise have been entitled;
(b) has been advised by the Company to consult an attorney  before  signing this
Agreement;  (c) has been  given a period  of at  least 21 days  within  which to
consider  this  Agreement;  and  (d)  has  been  informed  by  the  Company  and
understands  that he may  revoke  this  Agreement  for a period of 7 days  after
signing it (the "Revocation  Period"),  and that this Agreement shall not become
effective or enforceable until the Revocation Period has expired. He understands
that any  revocation  he makes  shall be in  writing,  sent by  facsimile,  hand
delivery or overnight mail, to the Company in accordance with Section 17 of this
Agreement.  In the event that his  acceptance  of this Release is revoked,  then
Executive shall immediately return to the Company all payments made to him under
this Agreement.

         Section 12.  Loyalty/Non-Competition.  Executive  shall remain loyal to
the  Company  and  during the term of this  Agreement  Executive  will not:  (a)
without  the prior  written  permission  of the  Company,  engage,  directly  or
indirectly,  in any  business  relationship,  whether as an  employee,  partner,
consultant,  advisor,  independent contractor or otherwise,  in competition with
the Company


                                      -5-
<PAGE>

within  100  miles of any  geographical  location  in  which  the  Company  does
business;  or (b) solicit any business in competition  with the Company from any
customer,  prospective  customer or supplier of the Company on behalf of himself
or others.  During the term of this Agreement,  Executive agrees to refer to the
Company all  inquiries  he  receives  regarding  the Company or this  Agreement.
Should  Executive  violate this  Section 12 or Section 14, the Company  shall be
entitled to an immediate  injunction  restraining  Executive  from violating the
provisions  thereof,  in addition  to any other  remedies  available  under this
Agreement, under the law or in equity, as well as an accounting and repayment of
all profits, compensation, remunerations or benefits which Executive directly or
indirectly,  realized  or may  realize  as a result  of or  growing  out of such
breach.  For  purposes  of this  Agreement,  "competition"  means (i) a business
involved in the  manufacture  of  prepackaged  snack cakes or other  bakery-type
sweet products  whose revenue from the sale of prepackaged  snack cakes or other
bakery-type sweet products exceeds 30% of the total revenues of such business on
a consolidated  basis with its  subsidiaries  and affiliates in accordance  with
generally  accepted  accounting  principles  as applied in the United  States of
America,  or (ii) Interstate  Bakeries and Weston Foods, or (iii) any subsidiary
or affiliate of either Interstate  Bakeries or Weston Foods. If any part of this
Section  12  or  the   application   thereof  is  construed  to  be  invalid  or
uneforceable, then the other parts of this Section 12 or the application thereof
shall not be affected and shall be given full force and effect without regard to
the invalid or  uneforceable  portions.  If any  covenant or  agreement  in this
Section 12 is held to be unenforceable because of the area covered, the duration
thereof,  or the scope thereof,  then the court making such determination  shall
have the  power to  reduce  the area  and/or  duration  and/or  limit  the scope
thereof,  and the covenant or agreement shall then be enforceable in its reduced
form.

         Executive  acknowledges  that he  will  be  able  to earn a  livelihood
without  violating this Section 12 and Section 14 of this Agreement.  He further
agrees  that an action for damages  does not provide an adequate  remedy for his
violation of this Section 12 or Section 14.

         Section 13. Return of All Company Property.  Executive shall deliver to
Company all keys, credit cards, computers,  correspondence,  software, drawings,
cell  phones,   blueprints,   manuals,   letters,  notes,  notebooks,   reports,
flowcharts,   programs,  software,  proposals,  and  any  files  and  documents,
electronic or otherwise,  concerning Company's employees, customers, or products
or processes used by Company and any other  property of Company,  by January 10,
2003.

         Section 14.  Confidential  Information.  Executive  agrees to hold in a
fiduciary  capacity for the benefit of the Company all of the Company's business
secrets and confidential information, knowledge and data relating to the Company
or any of its affiliated companies and their respective  businesses,  which have
been  obtained by the Executive  during his  employment by the Company or any of
its affiliated companies, including without limitation,  information relating to
such  matters  as human  resources,  finances,  operations,  processes,  product
recipes,  new products in  development,  sales methods,  equipment,  techniques,
plans, formulae, products, methods and know-how, customer requirements and names
of  suppliers.   The  obligations  under  this  Section  14  shall  survive  the
termination  of this Agreement and any  termination  of Executive's  association
with the Company or any of its affiliates.  Executive's  obligations  under this
Section  14 shall  not be  deemed  violated  in the  event  that  (a)  Executive
discloses  any such  information  pursuant  to an order of a court of  competent
jurisdiction or any administrative, quasi-judicial or other body having subpoena
power, provided Executive has notified the Company of such potential legal order
and provided the Company with the opportunity to challenge or limit the scope of
the  disclosure,  or (b)  disclosure is required  under New York Stock  Exchange
rules and applicable  securities laws as determined by the


                                      -6-
<PAGE>

Company, or (c) such information becomes generally available from a source other
than the Company,  any of its  affiliates,  or any of their  employees when such
source is legally entitled, to the best of Executive's  knowledge,  to make such
information  available.  Executive  agrees that in the event of breach of any of
his  obligations  under  this  Section  14,  Company  shall  be  entitled  to an
injunction  restraining  Executive  from  violating  the  provisions  hereof  in
addition to any other remedies available under this Agreement,  under the law or
in equity.  He further  agrees  that an action for  damages  does not provide an
adequate remedy for his violation of this Section 14.


         Section  15.  If  Executive  Breaches  this  Agreement.  In  the  event
Executive breaches in any material fashion any term of this Agreement, Executive
shall lose  entitlement to any payments due under this Agreement,  and Executive
shall  immediately  owe Company the full amount of all amounts paid to him or on
his behalf under this  Agreement in addition to any other  damages and remedies,
in law or in equity,  that may be  available  to Company.  Executive's  promises
under this Agreement, however, shall remain in effect. Executive agrees that the
institution  of any type of legal  proceeding  by  Executive,  or on his behalf,
constitutes a material breach of this Agreement.

         Section  16.  Mediation/Arbitration.  Except as to the  enforcement  of
Sections  12 and 14 above,  the  parties  shall  attempt to resolve  any dispute
through mediation conducted in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. If the parties do not
promptly  agree on a  neutral  mediator,  then  any of the  parties  may  notify
J.A.M.S./Endispute,  345 Park Avenue,  New York, New York, to initiate selection
of a mediator from the  J.A.M.S/Endispute  Panel of Neutrals.  The Company shall
pay the  fees and  expenses  of the  mediator.  If the  mediator  is  unable  to
facilitate a settlement  of the dispute  within a reasonable  period of time, as
determined by the mediator,  the mediator shall issue a written statement to the
parties to that effect and the aggrieved party(ies) may then seek relief through
arbitration,  which shall be binding, before a single arbitrator pursuant to the
Commercial  Arbitration Rules ("Rules") of the American Arbitration  Association
(the   "Association").   The  place  of  arbitration   shall  be   Philadelphia,
Pennsylvania.  Arbitration  may be  commenced  at any time by any party  seeking
arbitration  by written  notice to the other  party(ies)  by first  class  mail,
postage prepaid.  The arbitrator shall be selected by the joint agreement of the
parties,  but if the parties do not so agree within  thirty (30)  business  days
after the date of the notice  referred  to above,  the  selection  shall be made
pursuant  to the  Rules  from  the  panels  of  arbitrators  maintained  by such
Association, and such arbitrator shall be neutral, impartial, independent of the
parties and others having any known interest in the outcome,  shall abide by the
ABA and AAA Code of Ethics for  neutral  arbitrators  and shall have no ex parte
communications  about the dispute with either  party.  The  arbitrator  shall be
required  to follow  applicable  law and  render a written  decision  within one
hundred eighty (180) days of  appointment.  Any award rendered by the arbitrator
shall be final,  conclusive  and binding upon the parties hereto and there shall
be no right of appeal therefrom. Any court having jurisdiction thereof may enter
judgment upon the award  rendered by the  arbitrator.  The parties shall pay the
costs and expenses of arbitration as the arbitrator may assess. Each party shall
pay his or its own legal fees and costs.  The arbitrator  shall not be permitted
to  award  punitive  or  similar  type  damages  under  any  circumstances.  The
procedures set forth in this Section 16 shall  constitute the sole and exclusive
procedures  for the resolution of any dispute under this  Agreement,  except for
any dispute  related to an alleged  violation  of Sections 12 and 14 hereof,  in
which case the Company,  without  prejudice to or compliance with the procedures
set  forth in this  Section  16,  is  expressly  permitted  to  institute  legal
proceedings to obtain a temporary restraining order, a preliminary and permanent
injunction or other applicable relief.

         Section  17.  Notices.  All  notices,   requests,   demands  and  other
communications  hereunder  must be in  writing  and shall be deemed to have been
given if  delivered by hand or mailed by first


                                      -7-
<PAGE>

class,  registered  mail,  return receipt  requested,  postage and registry fees
prepaid, and addressed as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                    <S>                                             <C>
                  (c)      If to the Company, to:             Tasty Baking Company
                                                              2801 Hunting Park Avenue
                                                              Philadelphia, PA  19129
                                                              Attention:  Corporate Secretary

                  (d)      If to the Executive, to:           Gary G. Kyle
                                                              709 Kyle Lane
                                                              Lower Gwynedd, PA 19002
</TABLE>

Addresses may be changed by notice in writing signed by the addressee.

         Section 18.  Miscellaneous.  This Agreement is the entire agreement and
understanding between the parties hereto and supersedes all prior agreements and
understandings,  oral or written,  relating to the subject matter hereof, and no
change,  alteration or modification  hereof may be made except in writing signed
by both parties  hereto.  The headings in this Agreement are for  convenience of
reference  only and shall not be considered as part of this  Agreement nor limit
or otherwise  affect the meaning  hereof.  The parties  agree that the principle
that an agreement shall be construed against the drafter shall not apply to this
Agreement. This Agreement shall in all respects be governed by and construed and
enforced  in  accordance  with  the  substantive  laws  of the  Commonwealth  of
Pennsylvania, without regard to conflicts of laws principles.

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed and delivered this
Agreement as of the date first above written.

ATTEST:                                 TASTY BAKING COMPANY



                                        By:
-------------------------------             ------------------------------------
                                              Charles P. Pizzi,
                                              President and CEO

WITNESS:



-------------------------------         ----------------------------------------
                                        Gary G. Kyle




                                      -8-
<PAGE>

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
