<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>exhibit10o.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10 O
<TEXT>

                            PERSONAL LEAVE AGREEMENT
                            ------------------------

         THIS  AGREEMENT is dated as of December 28, 2002,  between TASTY BAKING
COMPANY,  a  Pennsylvania  corporation  (the  "Company"),   and  CARL  S.  WATTS
("Executive").

                               W I T N E S S E T H
                               -------------------

      WHEREAS,  Executive has served as the Chairman of the Board of the Company
and, as such, has made a significant contribution to the Company's business; and

      WHEREAS, Executive and the Company are currently obligated under a certain
Amended and Restated Employment Agreement dated as of August 19, 2002; and

      WHEREAS,  Executive  and the  Company are willing to enter into a personal
leave agreement upon the terms and conditions set forth below;

      NOW, THEREFORE,  in consideration of the mutual covenants herein contained
and of the mutual  benefits herein  provided,  and intending to be legally bound
hereby, the Company and Executive hereby agree as follows:

      Section 1.  Resignation  from Current Duties.  Executive hereby resigns as
Chairman of the Board and from the Board of  Directors  effective  December  28,
2002,  and Company  accepts  such  resignations  in each case,  on the terms and
conditions  herein  contained.  Executive will vacate his office  promptly after
December 28, 2002.

      Section 2. Term of Leave.  Executive  will be on  personal  leave from the
Company from December 29, 2002 until April 30, 2004 (the "Leave Period"). During
the Leave Period,  Executive shall have no duties,  responsibility  or authority
with  respect to the Company  and shall  perform no  services  for the  Company;
provided,  however,  that Executive  will: 1) review the Company's Form 10-K for
2002 and provide a cerification in accordance  with the disclosure  policies and
procedures implemented by the Company for the third quarter of 2002; and 2) make
himself reasonably  available for up to 40 hours per annum, to the Company,  its
attorneys and anyone else at the request of the Company, taking into account any
other business  commitments  Executive may have,  without fee,  compensation  or
payment of expenses (except as provided in the immediately  following  sentence)
from the Company,  in connection  with any legal,  regulatory,  governmental  or
investigatory  matter,  including  litigation,  pertaining  to the Company,  its
affiliates,  directors,  officers,  employees or agents,  at times and locations
determined  by the  Company.  To the extent  that the  location  is outside  the
greater Philadelphia metropolitan area, the Company will reimburse Executive for
reasonable  travel  expenses.  Executive will cooperate with the Company in such
matters  consistent  with his duty of  loyalty  to the  Company.  To the  extent
Executive  is asked to provide  information  in  connection  with such  matters,
Executive shall provide complete, honest and accurate information to the best of
his ability.

     Section 3. Compensation.
                -------------

         (a) During the Leave  Period,  the Company  shall pay  Executive a base
salary at the annual rate of $700,000.00,  less federal,  state, and local taxes
and all other withholdings




<PAGE>

required by law as well as deductions for Executive's co-pay for medical
benefits in the amounts required of senior executives generally. Except as
otherwise provided herein, such payments shall include and be deemed to satisfy
the Company's obligations for any and all accrued but unpaid vacation pay and
any other amount claimed by Executive to be owed him from the Company as of
December 28, 2002. Payments shall be made in accordance with the Company's
regular pay practice for senior executive employees as in effect from time to
time; provided, however, that the Company shall be relieved from making any
payment to Executive for any period during which he receives any unemployment
compensation benefits.

         (b) Effective December 29, 2002, Executive shall not be entitled to any
compensation,  bonus,  vacation,  leave time, benefits or anything else of value
from the Company except as expressly provided in this Agreement.

      Section 4. Retirement. Except as expressly provided in Section 7(b) to the
contrary,  Executive intends to retire and shall be deemed to have retired,  for
all  purposes  on April  30,  2004 (the  "Retirement  Date").  Upon  retirement,
Executive  will be  entitled  to  receive  retiree  medical  and life  insurance
benefits in accordance with then existing Company policy for senior  executives,
if any.

     Section 5. Additional Terms.
                -----------------

         (a) Executive will be entitled to retain the use of his current Company
car through the end of the term of the  current  lease for the vehicle  (October
12, 2004),  provided that Executive executes any and all documents  necessary to
assume  the  lease  for  such  vehicle  and to  relieve  the  Company  from  any
obligations under such lease. The Company agrees to reimburse  Executive monthly
for the lease rental payments paid by Executive to the leasing  company,  namely
$836.45 per month, through the end of the term of the current lease. The Company
will help  facilitate  his  negotiations  with the leasing  company.  Otherwise,
Executive  will return the car to the leasing  company by no later than  January
28,  2003.  Executive  will bear all  costs of fuel,  maintenance,  repairs  and
insurance (naming the Company as an additional  insured) on the vehicle and will
be responsible for all costs associated with the operation of the vehicle.

         (b) During the Leave Period, Executive will continue to participate, in
accordance  with the terms  thereof,  in any present or future  medical and life
insurance  plan  adopted by the Company  for senior  executives  generally.  For
purposes of this  subsection  (b), the Company  agrees to treat  Executive as an
employee through the Retirement Date.

         (c) Executive  will not receive any new or additional  stock options or
stock based  incentives  after  December 28, 2002.  Existing  stock options will
remain in place and expire in the normal course in accordance  with their terms.
Unexercised  options at the  Retirement  Date will  expire if not  exercised  in
accordance with their terms, which is currently ninety (90) days thereafter. The
award of 50,000 shares of restricted stock made to Executive under the Company's
Restricted  Stock  Incentive  Plan will be  surrendered  and is  cancelled as of
December 28, 2002.

         (d) The Company will reimburse  Executive for all  reasonable  expenses
properly  incurred by Executive  through December 28, 2002 in the performance of
Executive's



                                       -2-
<PAGE>

duties under the Amended and Restated Employment Agreement dated as of August
19, 2002, in accordance with the current policies established for senior
executives of the Company.

         (e) The Company  shall  provide to  Executive  supplemental  retirement
income  benefits in accordance  with the terms of the Amendment to  Supplemental
Executive  Retirement  Plan Agreement  attached hereto as Exhibit A effective on
the Retirement Date, provided Executive or his heirs or personal representatives
execute  and  deliver to the  Company a release in the form  attached  hereto as
Exhibit B within 30 days of the Retirement Date.  Nothing contained herein shall
be construed to infer that the Executive  shall be entitled to receive under the
Company's  Pension Plan  credited  service  after  December  28, 2002,  nor that
"average monthly  compensation"  under such plan includes any compensation  paid
under this Agreement.  After the Retirement Date, Executive shall be entitled to
request  any vested  benefits  under the  Company's  401k  (Thrift)  plan and to
receive  those  benefits in the  ordinary  course,  all in  accordance  with the
provisions of said plan.

         (f) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement that is or may be to the
contrary,  nothing in this  Agreement  prevents  or is  intended  to prevent the
Company  from  terminating,  modifying,  or  changing  any  of its  employee  or
retirement benefit plans or policies for employees or retirees  (including,  but
not limited to, any medical  insurance  plan,  life insurance  policy or pension
plan),  or any  part of any of them at any  time,  or  changing  the  amount  of
employee  or retiree  contributions  (or  co-pay)  for  coverage  under any such
policies or plans,  at any time,  including,  but not  limited  to,  Executive's
benefits or co-pay when changed for senior  executives  generally.  Each of such
plans will be governed by its terms and to the extent there is any inconsistency
or ambiguity between any of said plans and this Agreement, the terms of the plan
shall control.

         (g)  Commencing  May 1,  2004,  and  thereafter  during the life of the
Executive,  the Company  shall pay  Executive the sum of $2,083.33 per month for
personal  secretarial  services;  provided,  however,  the Company's  obligation
hereunder shall be limited to a maximum period of ten (10) years.

         (h) The Company agrees to reimburse  Executive for his reasonable legal
fees  incurred  in order to assist the Company in  assuring  that the  Executive
understands the releases and the restrictive  covenants  contained herein and in
connection  with the  negotiation of this  Agreement,  including the restrictive
covenants, up to an amount not to exceed $5,000.00.

      Section 6. Prior  Agreements.  All prior  agreements  between the parties,
including the Amended and Restated  Employment  Agreement dated as of August 19,
2002 are hereby terminated and declared null and void.

      Section 7. Termination of this Agreement.

         (a) This Agreement shall cease and terminate upon the earliest to occur
of the events specified below:

               (i) April 30, 2004;

               (ii) The death of Executive;

                                      -3-
<PAGE>

               (iii) Executive's election of early retirement prior to April 30,
2004; and

               (iv) Termination of Executive's  association with the Company for
Cause.  For these purposes "Cause" for termination of Executive shall be limited
to  actions  by  Executive  involving  a material  breach of this  Agreement  by
Executive which, if capable of being cured,  continues  uncorrected for a period
of 20 business days after written notice of the acts  constituting  such alleged
breach is given to Executive.

         (b)  If  Executive  dies  prior  to  April  30,  2004,  notwithstanding
termination of this Agreement, the Company shall be obligated to continue to pay
Executive's  salary to his Estate  through  April 30, 2004,  and for purposes of
retirement  benefits (i.e.,  Pension Plan, SERP and retiree medical  insurance),
Executive  shall be  deemed to have  elected  to  retire  effective  on (and the
Retirement Date shall be) the date immediately preceding his death.

         (c) In the event that Executive  becomes  "disabled" within the meaning
of any disability  insurance plan covering  Executive,  and Executive is awarded
payments  thereunder,  the payment of such benefits  shall have no effect on the
Company's obligations to make the payments under Section 3(a) hereof.

         (d)  Notwithstanding  anything  in  Section  7(a) to the  contrary  but
subject  to the  provisions  of Section  15  hereof,  except (i) for  retirement
benefits under the Company's  pension plan and any 401k (Thrift) plan,  (ii) for
the SERP benefits to which  Executive may be entitled under Section 5(e) of this
Agreement,  (iii) for  retiree  medical  and life  insurance  benefits  to which
Executive may then be entitled,  (iv) for the stipend for  secretarial  services
provided under Section 5(g) of this Agreement,  (v) for the reimbursement of car
lease  payments,  if any,  under  Section 5(a) of this  Agreement,  (vi) for any
indemnification  obligations  to which  Executive  may become  entitled from the
Company   whether  by  contract  or  pursuant  to  the  Company's   articles  of
incorporation  or bylaws,  (vii) for any rights  under  then  outstanding  stock
options,  and (viii) as otherwise  expressly provided herein, this Agreement and
all of the liabilities and obligations of the parties  hereunder shall cease and
terminate  effective  upon  the  termination  of  this  Agreement.  The  Company
covenants  and agrees that its  obligations  under that certain  Indemnification
Agreement  dated as of August 24, 1992 between the Company and  Executive  shall
survive termination of this Agreement.

      Section 8. Agreement is Voluntary.  Executive  acknowledges  that he fully
understands  the terms of this  Agreement and that he enters into it voluntarily
without any coercion on the part of any person;  that he was given adequate time
to consider  all of its  implications  and freely and fully to consult  with and
seek the advice of whomever he deemed  appropriate;  and that he has relied upon
no representation of any representative of Company in signing this Agreement.

      Section 9. Release.  In  consideration  of the promises in this Agreement,
Executive,  for  himself,  and his agents,  representatives,  heirs,  executors,
administrators,  insurers, successors and assigns, and all persons, corporations
or other  entities  connected  therewith  which might claim by, through or under
them  or any of them  (all of whom  are  hereby  individually  and  collectively
referred to in this paragraph as  "Releasors"),  do hereby  release,  remise and
forever



                                      -4-
<PAGE>

discharge  the  Company,  its  respective  direct  and  indirect   subsidiaries,
affiliates,  investors, insurers, successors, assigns, and each of their agents,
servants,    shareholders,    employees,    officers,    directors,    trustees,
representatives and attorneys,  and each of their heirs,  successors,  executors
and  administrators  (all of whom are hereinafter  individually and collectively
referred to in this paragraph as  "Releasees"),  of and from any and all claims,
demands,  causes  of  action,  actions,  rights,  damages,   judgments,   costs,
compensation,  suits,  debts,  dues,  accounts,  bonds,  covenants,  agreements,
expenses, attorneys' fees, damages, penalties, punitive damages and liability of
any nature  whatsoever,  in law or in equity or otherwise,  which Releasors have
had,  now  have,  shall or may have in the  future,  whether  known or  unknown,
foreseen or unforeseen, suspected or unsuspected, by reason of any cause, matter
or thing whatsoever, including those relating to Executive's employment with the
Company and the termination of that employment,  except as expressly provided in
the   immediately   following   sentence,   to  the  date  of  this   Agreement.
Notwithstanding  anything  contained in this Release to the contrary,  Executive
does not release, remise or discharge the Company of or from any claims which he
may have under (i) the Company's qualified  retirement plans or 401k plans; (ii)
that certain  Supplemental  Executive  Retirement  Program Agreement  originally
dated June 10, 1987 between the Company and executive, as amended as provided in
Exhibit A hereto,  and the rabbi trust with respect to such  program;  (iii) any
plans which the Company  may have in effect  from  time-to-time,  as they may be
modified from time-to-time, to provide medical and/or life insurance benefits to
retirees,  all of said plans  being  governed  by their plan  documents  and any
amendments  thereto;  (iv)  the  indemnification  provisions  contained  in  the
Company's Articles of Incorporation  and/or Bylaws,  and/or any  indemnification
agreement in favor of Execuitve,  relating to indemnification of officers and/or
directors; and (v) his rights under this Agreement.

         By the execution of this Agreement,  Executive  acknowledges that he is
giving up all claims related to his employment  with Company and the termination
of that employment,  including but not limited to, claims for breach of contract
or  implied   contract,   wrongful,   retaliatory  or  constructive   discharge,
negligence, misrepresentation, fraud, detrimental reliance, promissory estoppel,
defamation, invasion of privacy, impairment of economic opportunity, intentional
or negligent  infliction  of emotional  distress,  any and all other torts,  and
claims for attorney's fees, as well as the statutory claims described below.

         Executive  further  acknowledges  that  various  state and federal laws
prohibit  discrimination based on age, gender, race, color, and national origin,
religion,  handicap or veterans  status.  These  include  Title VII of the Civil
Rights Act of 1964, 42 U.S.C. ss. 2000e et seq. and the Civil Rights Act of 1991
(relating  to  gender,   national  origin,   and  certain  other  kinds  of  job
discrimination);  the Age  Discrimination  in Employment  Act, 29 U.S.C.  626 et
seq., (relating to age discrimination in employment), the Older Worker's Benefit
Protection  Act, 29 U.S.C.  ss. 626, the  Rehabilitation  Act of 1973, the Civil
Rights  Act of 1866  and  1871,  the  Americans  with  Disabilities  Act and the
Pennsylvania  Human  Relations Act. He also  understands and  acknowledges  that
there  are  various  federal  and state  laws  governing  wage and hour  issues,
including but not limited to the Fair Labor Standards Act, Pennsylvania wage and
hour laws, and the Equal Pay Act of 1963 (relating to all the above forms of job
discrimination).  He  acknowledges  that he is giving up any  claims he may have
under any of these  statutes  and under any other  federal,  state or  municipal
statute, ordinance,  executive order or regulation relating to discrimination in
employment,  wage and hour issues,  or in any way  pertaining to his  employment
relationship with the Company. He understands and acknowledges that this release



                                      -5-
<PAGE>

applies to all such employment-related claims that he now has or may have to the
date of this Agreement.

         Releasor  agrees that he will not, at any time  hereafter,  nor will he
permit, at any time hereafter,  any person acting under his direction or control
to, initiate,  maintain, or prosecute,  or in any way knowingly aid, directly or
indirectly, in the initiation, maintenance, or prosecution of, any claim, demand
suit,  accounting,  or cause of action  against the  Releasees,  or any of them,
arising out of, or in any way  connected  with any matter,  thing,  transaction,
occurrence,  act or  omission  with  respect  to  which a  release  is  provided
hereunder.

         Nothing herein is intended to foreclose  Executive from filing a charge
with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission.  In the event such a charge is
filed,  Executive  shall be precluded  from  recovering  any monetary  relief or
obtaining any other personal recovery.

         If Executive, his heirs or personal  representatives,  or any person or
entity  acting  on their  behalf,  takes,  pursues  or  supports  any  action to
determine that this Release,  or any part hereof, or any other release contained
in this  Agreement is invalid and if this  Release,  or any part hereof,  or any
other  release  contained in this  Agreement is determined to be invalid for any
reason, then all obligations of the Company under this Agreement shall cease.

         Executive may not sign this Agreement  before 5:00 P.M. on December 28,
2002, and his signing of it prior to that time will be without any legal effect.

      Section   10.   Age   Discrimination   Release.    Executive   fully   and
unconditionally  releases  Releasees from any and all claims which he has or may
have  against  Releasees  or any of them up to and  including  the  date of this
Agreement  under the Age  Discrimination  in Employment  Act of 1967, as amended
("ADEA"), or any other statute prohibiting discrimination based upon age.

      Section 11.  Compliance with Older Worker's  Benefit  Protection Act. This
Agreement is intended to comply with Section 201 of the Older  Worker's  Benefit
Protection Act of 1990. Accordingly,  Executive acknowledges and represents that
he: (a) waives his claims under the ADEA  knowingly and  voluntarily in exchange
for  consideration  of value to which he would not otherwise have been entitled;
(b) has been advised by the Company to consult an attorney  before  signing this
Agreement;  (c) has been  given a period  of at  least 21 days  within  which to
consider  this  Agreement;  and  (d)  has  been  informed  by  the  Company  and
understands  that he may  revoke  this  Agreement  for a period of 7 days  after
signing it (the "Revocation  Period"),  and that this Agreement shall not become
effective or enforceable until the Revocation Period has expired. He understands
that any  revocation  he makes  shall be in  writing,  sent by  facsimile,  hand
delivery or overnight  mail,  to Company in  accordance  with Section 17 of this
Agreement.  In the event that his  acceptance  of this Release is revoked,  then
Executive shall immediately return to the Company any payments made to him under
this Agreement.

      Section 12.  Loyalty/Non-Competition.  Executive shall remain loyal to the
Company and during the term of this Agreement and for a period of one year after
termination of this Agreement, Executive will not: (a) without the prior written
permission  of the  Company,  engage,  directly or  indirectly,  in any business
relationship,  whether as an employee, partner, consultant, advisor, independent
contractor or otherwise, in competition with the Company within 100 miles



                                      -6-
<PAGE>

of any geographical  location in which the Company does business; or (b) solicit
any  business in  competition  with the Company from any  customer,  prospective
customer  or  supplier  of the  Company on behalf of  himself or others;  or (c)
communicate  in any way with  competitors  or  potential  suitors of the Company
other  than on a social  basis.  During  the term of this  Agreement,  Executive
agrees to refer to the Company all  inquiries he receives  regarding the Company
or this Agreement.  Should Executive  violate this Section 12, the Company shall
be entitled to an immediate injunction  restraining Executive from violating the
provisions  hereof and he further  agrees  that an action for  damages  does not
provide an adequate  remedy for his violation of this Section 12, in addition to
any other remedies  available under this Agreement,  under the law or in equity.
For purposes of this  Agreement  and the second  clause of ARTICLE II(a) of that
certain Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan Agreement between the Company and
Executive dated as of July 6, 1987, as amended ("SERP"),  "competition"  means a
business  involved  in the  manufacture  or  marketing  of  snack  cake or other
bakery-type  sweet  products.  If any part of this Section 12 or the application
thereof,  is  construed to be invalid or  uneforceable,  then the other parts of
this Section 12 or the  application  thereof  shall not be affected and shall be
given full  force and  effect  without  regard to the  invalid  or  uneforceable
portions.  If any  covenant  or  agreement  in  this  Section  12 is  held to be
unenforceable  because of the area covered,  the duration thereof,  or the scope
thereof, then the court making such determination shall have the power to reduce
the area and/or  duration  and/or limit the scope  thereof,  and the covenant or
agreement shall then be enforceable in its reduced form.

      Section 13.  Return of All Company  Property.  Executive  shall deliver to
Company all keys, credit cards, computers,  correspondence,  software, drawings,
cell  phones,   blueprints,   manuals,   letters,  notes,  notebooks,   reports,
flowcharts,   programs,  software,   proposals,  and  any  documents  concerning
Company's customers, or concerning products or processes used by Company and any
other property of Company, by December 28, 2002.

      Section  14.  Confidential  Information.  Executive  agrees  to  hold in a
fiduciary  capacity for the benefit of the Company all of the Company's business
secrets and confidential information, knowledge and data relating to the Company
or any of its affiliated companies and their respective  businesses,  which have
been  obtained by the Executive  during his  employment by the Company or any of
its affiliated companies, including without limitation,  information relating to
such matters as finances,  operations,  processes, product recipes, new products
in development, sales methods, equipment, techniques, plans, formulae, products,
methods  and  know-how,  customer  requirements  and  names  of  suppliers.  The
obligations  under  this  Section  14  shall  survive  the  termination  of this
Agreement and any termination of Executive's association with the Company or any
of its affiliates.  Executive's  obligations under this Section 14 and under the
first clause of ARTICLE II(a) of the SERP,  shall not be deemed  violated in the
event that (i) Executive discloses any such information  pursuant to an order of
a court of competent jurisdiction or any administrative, quasi-judicial or other
body having subpoena power,  provided Executive has notified the Company of such
potential legal order and provided the Company with the opportunity to challenge
or limit the scope of the disclosure, or (ii) such information becomes generally
available from a source other than the Company, any of its affiliates, or any of
their employees when such source is legally entitled, to the best of Executive's
knowledge,  to make such  information  available.  Executive  agrees that in the
event of breach of any of his  obligations  under this Section 14, Company shall
be entitled to an injunction restraining Executive from violating the provisions
hereof and he further  agrees  that



                                      -7-
<PAGE>

an action for damages does not provide an adequate  remedy for his  violation of
this  Section  14,  in  addition  to any other  remedies  available  under  this
Agreement, under the law or in equity.

      Section 15. If Executive  Breaches this Agreement.  In the event Executive
breaches  in any  material  fashion  any term of this  Agreement  such  that the
Company is entitled to  terminate  this  Agreement  for  "Cause"  under  Section
7(a)(iv)  hereof after the notice and cure period  provided  therein,  Executive
shall lose  entitlement to any payments due under this Agreement,  and Executive
shall  immediately  owe Company the full amount of all amounts paid to him or on
his behalf under this  Agreement in addition to any other  damages and remedies,
in law or in equity,  that may be available to Company;  provided however, in no
event shall Executive be obligated to repay, or shall the Company be entitled to
receive,  any amounts which Executive has received or may thereafter receive for
the benefits  described  in clauses (i),  (vi) and (vii) of Section 7(d) hereof.
Executive's promises under this Agreement, however, shall remain in effect.

      Section 16.  Mediation/Arbitration.  Except as provided in Sections 12 and
14 above,  the parties  shall attempt to resolve any dispute  through  mediation
conducted in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. If the parties do not promptly agree on
a neutral mediator, then any of the parties may notify  J.A.M.S./Endispute,  345
Park Avenue,  New York,  New York, to initiate  selection of a mediator from the
J.A.M.S/Endispute Panel of Neutrals. The Company shall pay the fees and expenses
of the  mediator.  If the mediator is unable to  facilitate a settlement  of the
dispute within a reasonable  period of time, as determined by the mediator,  the
mediator  shall issue a written  statement to the parties to that effect and the
aggrieved  party(ies) may then seek relief through  arbitration,  which shall be
binding, before a single arbitrator pursuant to the Commercial Arbitration Rules
("Rules") of the American Arbitration Association (the "Association"). The place
of arbitration shall be Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Arbitration may be commenced
at any time by any party  seeking  arbitration  by  written  notice to the other
party(ies)  by first  class  mail,  postage  prepaid.  The  arbitrator  shall be
selected by the joint  agreement  of the  parties,  but if the parties do not so
agree within thirty (30) business days after the date of the notice  referred to
above,  the  selection  shall be made  pursuant  to the Rules from the panels of
arbitrators  maintained  by such  Association,  and  such  arbitrator  shall  be
neutral,  impartial,  independent  of the  parties  and others  having any known
interest  in the  outcome,  shall  abide by the ABA and AAA Code of  Ethics  for
neutral arbitrators and shall have no ex parte  communications about the dispute
with either party. The arbitrator shall be required to follow applicable law and
render a written  decision  within one hundred eighty (180) days of appointment.
Any award rendered by the arbitrator shall be final, conclusive and binding upon
the parties  hereto and there shall be no right of appeal  therefrom.  Any court
having  jurisdiction  thereof may enter  judgment upon the award rendered by the
arbitrator.  The parties shall pay the costs and expenses of  arbitration as the
arbitrator may assess. Each party shall pay his or its own legal fees and costs.
The arbitrator  shall not be permitted to award punitive or similar type damages
under any  circumstances.  The  procedures  set forth in this  Section  16 shall
constitute  the sole and exclusive  procedures for the resolution of any dispute
under this Agreement,  except for any dispute related to an alleged violation of
Sections  12 and 14  hereof,  in which case  Company,  without  prejudice  to or
compliance  with the  procedures  set forth in this  Section  16,  is  expressly
permitted  to  institute  legal  proceedings  to obtain a temporary  restraining
order, a preliminary and permanent injunction or other applicable relief.

                                      -8-
<PAGE>

      Section  17.   Notices.   All   notices,   requests,   demands  and  other
communications  hereunder  must be in  writing  and shall be deemed to have been
given if  delivered by hand or mailed by first class,  registered  mail,  return
receipt requested, postage and registry fees prepaid, and addressed as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

<S>                                                           <C>
               (a) If to the Company, to:                    Tasty Baking Company
                                                             2801 Hunting Park Avenue
                                                             Philadelphia, PA  19129
                                                             Attention:  Corporate Secretary

               (b) If to the Executive, to:                  Carl S. Watts
                                                             105 Pheasant Fields Lane
                                                             Moorestown, NJ  08057
</TABLE>

Addresses may be changed by notice in writing signed by the addressee.

      Section 18.  Miscellaneous.  This  Agreement is the entire  agreement  and
understanding between the parties hereto and supersedes all prior agreements and
understandings,  oral or written,  relating to the subject matter hereof, and no
change,  alteration or modification  hereof may be made except in writing signed
by both parties  hereto.  The headings in this Agreement are for  convenience of
reference  only and shall not be considered as part of this  Agreement nor limit
or otherwise  affect the meaning  hereof.  The parties  agree that the principle
that an agreement shall be construed against the drafter shall not apply to this
Agreement. This Agreement shall in all respects be governed by and construed and
enforced  in  accordance  with  the  substantive  laws  of the  Commonwealth  of
Pennsylvania, without regard to conflicts of laws principles.

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed and delivered this
Agreement as of the date first above written.

ATTEST:                               TASTY BAKING COMPANY



                                         By:
------------------------------               -----------------------------------
                                             Charles P. Pizzi,
                                             President and CEO

WITNESS:



------------------------------        ------------------------------------------
                                      Carl S. Watts


STATE OF                                    :



                                      -9-
<PAGE>

COUNTY OF                                   :

         On this,  the ______ day of  _________________,  200__,  before me, the
undersigned   officer,   personally   appeared   CARL  S.  WATTS   known  to  me
(satisfactorily  proven) to be the person whose name is subscribed to the within
instrument,  and acknowledged that he executed the same for the purposes therein
contained.

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I hereunto set my hand and official seal.




                                               _________________________________
                                                       Notary Public

                                                     My Commission Expires:






                                      -10-
<PAGE>

                                    EXHIBIT A
                                    ---------

                       AMENDMENT TO SUPPLEMENTAL EXECUTIVE
                            RETIREMENT PLAN AGREEMENT
                                     BETWEEN
                              TASTY BAKING COMPANY
                                       AND
                                  CARL S. WATTS


      THIS  AGREEMENT,  entered into as of this 28th day of December,  2002, by
and between Tasty Baking Company (hereinafter referred to as the "Employer") and
Carl S. Watts (hereinafter referred to as the "Employee").

                              W I T N E S S E T H:
                               -------------------

      WHEREAS,  the  Employer  and  the  Employee  entered  into a  Supplemental
Executive Retirement Plan Agreement ("SERP Agreement") as of July 6, 1987; and

      WHEREAS,  the SERP  Agreement  was  modified by the Board of  Directors on
April 22, 1988; and

      WHEREAS,  the  Employer  and the  Employee  have  entered into a agreement
whereby the Employee  will be on "personal  leave" status from December 28, 2002
through April 30, 2004 ("Personal Leave Agreement); and

      WHEREAS,  the Employer and the Employee desire to amend the SERP Agreement
(as modified on April 22,  1988) to clarify that for purposes of benefits  under
the SERP Agreement, Employee's service will be deemed to have continued with the
Employer  through April 30, 2004 or until his death,  whichever is earlier,  and
that the  compensation  that the Employee  receives from the Employer during his
personal leave under Section 3 of the Personal Leave  Agreement shall be counted
as compensation for purposes of benefits under the SERP Agreement.

      NOW, THEREFORE,  the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, hereby
amend the SERP Agreement, as modified on April 22, 1988, as follows:

      1.  Notwithstanding  anything  contained  in  the  SERP  Agreement  to the
contrary,  Employee shall be deemed to be a full-time employee of Employer,  for
purposes of Article 1, Section 1 of the SERP  Agreement,  during the period that
Employee is on "personal  leave" status from December 28, 2002 through April 30,
2004 or until his death, whichever is earlier.

      2.  Paragraph  3 shall  be added to  Article  VIII of the SERP  Agreement,
effective as of December 28, 2002 to read as follows:

                           "3. Personal Leave Status. Notwithstanding anything
                           in this Agreement to the contrary, during the period
                           that the Employee is on "personal leave" status from
                           December 28, 2002 through April 30, 2004 or until his
                           death, whichever is earlier, (a) the Employee shall
                           be deemed to have continued service with the Employer
                           for purposes of benefits under this



<PAGE>

                           Agreement and (b) the base  compensation  paid by the
                           Employer to the  Employee  during such period of time
                           shall be  counted as  compensation  for  purposes  of
                           benefits  under  this  Agreement.   For  purposes  of
                           entitlement  to  benefits  under the  Agreement,  the
                           Employee  will be  deemed  to have  retired  from the
                           Employer  on April 30,  2004,  unless  Employee  dies
                           prior to such  date.  If the  Employee  dies prior to
                           April  30,  2004,  his  surviving   spouse  shall  be
                           entitled to receive a monthly amount until her death,
                           commencing  on the same day as his  surviving  spouse
                           would  have  begun   receiving   benefits  under  the
                           Employer's  Pension Plan had Employee  retired on the
                           day  before  his  death,  equal to 100% of the amount
                           that the Employee would have been eligible to receive
                           under paragraph 1 of Article I, above, had he retired
                           on the day before his death and elected an  immediate
                           100% joint and survivor  annuity under the Employer's
                           Pension Plan."

      3. This Amendment  shall become  effective only upon the timely  execution
and delivery and effectiveness of the release required under Section 5(e) of the
Personal Leave Agreement.

      4. In all other respects,  the SERP Agreement,  as amended April 22, 1988,
is hereby ratified, approved and confirmed.

      The  parties  hereto have set their hands and seals the day and year first
above written.



ATTEST:                          TASTY BAKING COMPANY



                                  By:
-------------------------------         ----------------------------------------
                                        Charles P. Pizzi,
                                        President and CEO

WITNESS:



-------------------------------  -----------------------------------------------
                                 Carl S. Watts





                                      -ii-
<PAGE>


                                    EXHIBIT B
                                    ---------

                                     RELEASE


      KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE  PRESENTS that CARL S. WATTS,  for himself,  and his
agents, representatives, heirs, executors, administrators,  insurers, successors
and assigns, and all persons, corporations or other entities connected therewith
which  might  claim by,  through  or under  them or any of them (all of whom are
hereby   individually  and  collectively   referred  to  in  this  paragraph  as
"Releasors"),  do hereby  release,  remise and forever  discharge  TASTY  BAKING
COMPANY, its respective direct and indirect subsidiaries, affiliates, investors,
insurers, successors, assigns, and each of their agents, servants, shareholders,
employees,  officers,  directors,  trustees,  representatives and attorneys, and
each of their heirs,  successors,  executors and administrators (all of whom are
hereinafter  individually  and  collectively  referred to in this  paragraph  as
"Releasees"),  of and  from  any and all  claims,  demands,  causes  of  action,
actions, rights, damages,  judgments,  costs, compensation,  suits, debts, dues,
accounts,  bonds,  covenants,  agreements,  expenses,  attorneys' fees, damages,
penalties, punitive damages and liability of any nature whatsoever, in law or in
equity or otherwise,  which  Releasors have had, now have,  shall or may have in
the future,  whether  known or unknown,  foreseen or  unforeseen,  suspected  or
unsuspected, by reason of any cause, matter or thing whatsoever, including those
relating to Mr. Watts' employment with Tasty Baking Company  ("Company") and the
termination of that employment,  except as expressly provided in the immediately
following  sentence  to the  date  of  this  Release.  Notwithstanding  anything
contained  in this  Release to the  contrary,  Carl S.  Watts does not  release,
remise or discharge  the Releasees of or from any claims which he may have under
(i) the Company's  qualified  retirement plans or 401k plans;  (ii) that certain
Supplemental  Executive  Retirement Program Agreement  originally dated June 10,
1987  between the Company and Mr.  Watts,  as amended,  and the rabbi trust with
respect to such  program;  (iii) any plans  which the Company may have in effect
from time-to-time, as they may be modified from time-to-time, to provide medical
and/or life insurance benefits to retirees, and all of said plans being governed
by  their  plan   documents   and  any   amendments   thereto;   and,  (iv)  the
indemnification  provisions contained in the Company's Articles of Incorporation
and/or  Bylaws,  and/or any  indemnification  agreement  in favor of Mr.  Watts,
relating to indemnification of officers and/or directors.

      This paragraph and its  subparagraphs  are intended to comply with Section
201 of the Older Worker's Benefits Act of 1990, as amended.

      (i) By the execution of this Release,  Carl S. Watts  acknowledges that he
is  giving  up all  claims  related  to his  employment  with  Company  and  the
termination of that employment,  including but not limited to, claims for breach
of  contract  or  implied  contract,   wrongful,   retaliatory  or  constructive
discharge,   negligence,   misrepresentation,   fraud,   detrimental   reliance,
promissory  estoppel,  defamation,  invasion of privacy,  impairment of economic
opportunity,  intentional or negligent infliction of emotional distress, any and
all other torts, and claims for attorney's fees, as well as the statutory claims
described below.

      (ii) Carl S. Watts  further  acknowledges  that various  state and federal
laws prohibit  discrimination  based on age, gender,  race,  color, and national
origin,  religion,  handicap or veterans status.  These include Title VII of the
Civil Rights Act of 1964,  42 U.S.C.  ss. 2000e et seq. and the Civil Rights Act
of 1991  (relating to gender,  national  origin,  and certain other kinds of job
discrimination);  the Age  Discrimination  in Employment  Act, 29 U.S.C.  626 et
seq., (relating to age discrimination in employment), the Older Worker's Benefit
Protection  Act, 29 U.S.C.  ss. 626, the  Rehabilitation  Act of 1973, the Civil
Rights  Act of 1866  and  1871,  the  Americans  with  Disabilities  Act and the
Pennsylvania  Human  Relations Act. He also  understands and  acknowledges  that
there  are  various  federal  and state  laws  governing  wage and hour  issues,
including but not limited to the Fair Labor Standards Act, Pennsylvania wage and
hour laws, and the Equal Pay Act of 1963 (relating to all the above forms of job
discrimination).  He  acknowledges  that he is giving up any  claims he may have
under any of these  statutes  and under any other  federal,  state or  municipal
statute, ordinance,  executive order or regulation relating to discrimination in
employment,  wage and hour

<PAGE>

issues, or in any way pertaining to his employment relationship with Company. He
understands   and   acknowledges   that  this   release   applies  to  all  such
employment-related  claims  that  he now  has or may  have  to the  date of this
Agreement.

      (iii) Carl S. Watts hereby  certifies that Company has advised him that he
has at least  twenty-one  (21) days (a) to consider  and review this Release and
its  consequences  with an attorney of his  choosing,  and (b) if he accepts the
terms of this Release, to forward an executed copy of this Release to Company in
accordance with Section 17 of that certain  Personal Leave Agreement dated as of
December __, 2002.

      (iv) Carl S. Watts also acknowledges and understands that he has seven (7)
days from the  execution of this  Release to advise  Company that he is revoking
this Release,  and understand that if he has not revoked this Release by the end
of the seven-day  period,  this Release will be effective and in full force.  He
understands that any revocation he makes shall be in writing, sent by facsimile,
hand delivery or overnight  mail, to Company in accordance with Section 7 of his
Employment Agreement.

      Releasor  agrees  that he will  not,  at any time  hereafter,  nor will he
permit, at any time hereafter,  any person acting under his direction or control
to, initiate,  maintain, or prosecute,  or in any way knowingly aid, directly or
indirectly, in the initiation, maintenance, or prosecution of, any claim, demand
suit,  accounting,  or cause of action  against the  Releasees,  or any of them,
arising out of, or in any way  connected  with any matter,  thing,  transaction,
occurrence,  act or omission  with respect to which a release is being  provided
hereunder.

      Nothing  herein is intended to foreclose  Mr.  Watts' from filing a charge
with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission.  In the event such a charge is
filed,  Mr.  Watts shall be precluded  from  recovering  any monetary  relief or
obtaining any other personal recovery.

      If Carl S. Watts, his heirs or personal representatives,  or any person or
entity  acting  on their  behalf,  takes,  pursues  or  supports  any  action to
determine that this Release,  or any part hereof, or any other release contained
in this  Agreement is invalid and if this  Release,  or any part hereof,  or any
other  release  contained  in this Release is  determined  to be invalid for any
reason,  then any  obligations the Company may have to Mr. Watts pursuant to the
Amendment to  Supplemental  Executive  Retirement  Plan Agreement  Between Tasty
Baking Company and Carl S. Watts shall cease.

      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, and intending to be legally bound, the Releasor hereto
has   executed   and   delivered   this   Release   as  of  the   _____  day  of
___________________, 200_.




                                                 _______________________________
                                                 Carl S. Watts



                                      -ii-
<PAGE>



STATE OF                                    :

COUNTY OF                                   :

      On this,  the  ______  day of  _________________,  200__,  before  me, the
undersigned   officer,   personally   appeared   CARL  S.  WATTS   known  to  me
(satisfactorily  proven) to be the person whose name is subscribed to the within
instrument,  and acknowledged that he executed the same for the purposes therein
contained.

      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I hereunto set my hand and official seal.




                                           _____________________________________
                                                       Notary Public

                                           My Commission Expires:






                                     -iii-

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
