<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d53201_ex2.txt
<DESCRIPTION>SHARE PURCHASE AGREEMENT
<TEXT>

                            Share Purchase Agreement




                                  Page 1 of 41
<PAGE>


                            SHARE PURCHASE AGREEMENT

                Entered into in Milan on January 9, 2003 between

Pulse Electronics (Singapore) Pte. Ltd ("Purchaser"), a company incorporated
under the laws of Singapore and having its registered offices in 150 Kampang
Ampat, # 07-01/02 KA Centre, Singapore 368329 and represented by its proxy
holder, Mr. Michael McAuliffe

                                       and

Forfin Holdings B.V. ("Seller"), a company incorporated under the laws of The
Netherlands and having its registered offices in Max Euwelaan 61, 3062 MA
Rotterdam and represented by its director Monterrey Executives BV, Max Euwelaan
61, 3062 MA Rotterdam, in the person of Mr. Pasquale Forte;

Purchaser and Seller also are sometimes referred to individually as a "Party",
or collectively, the "Parties".

                                     WHEREAS

-     Seller owns 99,199984524% of the corporate capital of Eldor High Tech Wire
      Wound Components S.r.l., a company incorporated under the laws of Italy,
      with registered offices in Orsenigo (CO), Fiscal Code and VAT no.
      02681890139, registered at the Business Registry of Como with no.
      02681890139 , corporate capital(euro)4,394,040.00, ("Company"). The
      remaining 0.800015476% is owned by Mr. Carlo Mammola ("Other
      Shareholder");

-     The Company is the result of a de-merger from Eldor Corporation S.p.A., a
      company incorporated under the laws of Italy, with registered offices in
      Via Plinio no. 10, Orsenigo (Como), Fiscal Code and VAT no. 02390960132,
      corporate capital(euro) 3,509,960.00 wholly paid in, registered at the
      Business Registry of Como with no. 02390960132 ("Eldor"). Through the
      de-merger, the whole Consumer Business of Eldor was transferred to the
      Company. Seller owns 100% of the corporate capital of Eldor;

-     The de-merger was approved by the Board of Directors of Eldor on March 28,
      2002, by Eldor's Extraordinary Shareholders' Meeting on April 22, 2002 and
      finalized through the deed executed before Notary Public Pasquale Lebano
      on June 26, 2002 (rep. 218312, racc. 29376);

-     Eldor Slovakia Sro., a company incorporated under the laws of Slovakia,
      with registered offices in Zavodna 459, 02743 Nizna, Slovakia ("Eldor
      Slovakia") prior to the Closing carried out the Consumer Business and also
      activities not related to the Consumer Business.


                                  Page 2 of 41
<PAGE>


-     The Company owns 99.68% of Eldor Elektronik Sanay Ticaret A.S., a company
      incorporated under the laws of Turkey, with registered offices in Baglar
      Mahallesi, Fatih Caddesi B-Block, Gunesli Bakirkoy, Istanbul, Turkey and a
      branch in Ayan Sokak N. 106/110, Ege Serbest Bologesi Subesi / Gaziemir,
      Izmir, Turkey ("Eldor Turkey"). The remaining 0.32% of Eldor Turkey is
      presently held by Mr. Pasquale Forte and other members of his family.
      Eldor Turkey, including its branch shall also be referred to collectively
      as "Subsidiary", and the Company and the Subsidiary, together, referred to
      as the "Companies".

-     Purchaser intends to buy, and Seller intends to sell a quota representing
      100% of the corporate capital of the Company ("Quota"). Seller is
      committed irrevocably to sell and transfer the Quota to Purchaser under
      the terms and conditions set forth in this Share Purchase Agreement
      ("Agreement"). Purchaser is committed irrevocably to purchase the Quota
      from Seller under the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement.

NOW THEREFORE, the Parties hereto agree as follows:

                               ARTICLE 1 - GENERAL

Definitions, Annexes Schedules and Recitals. The definitions, Annexes, Schedules
and the recitals form an integral and substantial part of this Agreement. The
definitions set forth in Annex 1 apply to the Agreement.

                   ARTICLE 2 - PURCHASE AND SALE OF THE QUOTA

Seller hereby sells and transfers and causes the Other Shareholder to sell and
transfer to Purchaser, and Purchaser purchases on the terms and conditions set
forth herein, the Quota free and clear of any Lien, together with any rights,
including dividends pertaining to the Quota effective from January 1, 2002.

Simultaneously, Seller causes the other shareholders of the Subsidiary to
transfer their shares in the Subsidiary for the aggregate consideration of
(euro) 1 to those Persons the Purchaser may indicate at its sole option.

    ARTICLE 3 - CONSIDERATION, CONSIDERATION ADJUSTMENT AND TERMS OF PAYMENT

3.1   Consideration. The Parties have agreed that the aggregate purchase price
      of the Quota is (euro) 81,600,000.00 (eighty-one million and six hundred
      thousand Euros) less the aggregate Funded Debt of the Company as of the
      Closing Date (hereinafter the "Consideration"), subject to the adjustment
      described in Section 3.2 below.

3.2   Consideration Adjustments

      (A)   IMBDA. As promptly as practicable but not later than March 15, 2003,
            the Purchaser shall cause to be prepared and delivered to the Seller
            a consolidated balance sheet and income statement of the Company as
            of the Closing Date (the "2002 Financial Statements"), from which
            the IMBDA ("2002 IMBDA") and


                                  Page 3 of 41
<PAGE>


            Overhead Expenses shall be computed. The 2002 Financial Statements
            shall have been audited by KPMG, LLP ("KPMG") and prepared in
            accordance with Italian GAAP, as supplemented by the items set forth
            in Annex 3.2 hereto (Italian GAAP as supplemented in Annex 3.2 is
            the "Calculation Method").

      (B)   Upon reasonable notice, the Purchaser will give the Seller and its
            designated accountant access to the premises of the Company, to its
            books and records and to the appropriate personnel of the Company
            for purposes of confirming the 2002 Financial Statements and the
            Overhead Expenses for purposes of Annex (3), Section 1.1 (f) hereof;
            it being understood that the Purchaser shall give such access not
            later than three (3) days after receipt of the Seller's request.
            Unless the Seller notifies the Purchaser in writing that it
            disagrees with the 2002 IMBDA or Overhead Expenses within forty five
            (45) days after receipt thereof, the 2002 IMBDA, and/or Overhead
            Expenses for purposes of Annex (3), Section 1.1 (f) hereof shall be
            conclusive and binding on the Purchaser and the Seller. If the
            Seller notifies the Purchaser in writing of the Seller's
            disagreement with the 2002 IMBDA or Overhead Expenses within forty
            five (45) day period, then the Purchaser and the Seller shall
            attempt in good faith to resolve their differences with respect
            thereto within thirty (30) days after the Purchaser's receipt of the
            Seller's written notice of disagreement. Any dispute regarding the
            2002 IMBDA or Overhead Expenses not resolved by the Purchaser and
            the Seller within such 30-day period will be resolved by Ernst&Young
            (the "Final Audit Firm"). The Purchaser, on the one hand, and the
            Seller, on the other hand, each represent and warrant to the other
            that neither it nor their Affiliates currently have any material
            audit, advisory, tax or other relationship with the Final Audit
            Firm. At the date of appointment of the Final Audit Firm, the
            Purchaser and Seller will restate such representation and warranty
            as at such date. If, for any reason, any party is unable to make
            such a representation and warranty, the Seller and Purchaser shall
            select such other Big Four or other accounting firm as they may
            agree to serve as the Final Audit Firm; it being understood that
            neither the Purchaser and it Affiliates, on one hand, nor the Seller
            and its Affiliates, on the other hand, have any material audit,
            advisory, tax or other relationship with the such accounting firm as
            above selected to serve as the Final Audit Firm. The determination
            by the Final Audit Firm shall be based on the Calculation Method and
            shall be made as promptly as possible, but in no event later than
            sixty (60) days after the date the Final Audit Firm was retained.
            Such determination of the 2002 IMBDA Overhead Expenses for purposes
            of Annex (3), Section 1.1 (f) hereof (with such modifications
            therein, if any, as reflect such determination by the Final Audit
            Firm) shall be binding and conclusive upon the parties, which agree
            not to contest or appeal the same. The procedure set forth in this
            Subsection shall be the exclusive method for resolution of a dispute
            concerning the 2002 IMBDA and/or the Consideration Adjustments under
            this Section 3.2 and/or the Overhead Expenses for purposes of Annex
            (3), Section 1.1 (f) hereof. For the sake of clarity, the mediation
            and arbitration provisions under Section 8.8 hereof are not
            applicable to disputes under this Section 3.2. The fees and expenses
            of the Final Audit Firm shall be shared equally by the Purchaser and
            Seller.

      (C)   In the event the 2002 IMBDA is less than 26.5 million Euros, the
            Consideration


                                  Page 4 of 41
<PAGE>


            shall be adjusted by the difference between (i) 81.6 million Euros
            and (ii) the product obtained by multiplying the 81.6 million Euros
            by a fraction, the numerator of which is 2002 IMBDA stated in Euros
            and the denominator of which is 26.5 million Euros (the "IMBDA
            Consideration Adjustment"). The IMBDA Consideration Adjustment shall
            be payable to Purchaser as provided in Section 3.3 below.

3.3   Terms of Payment. The Consideration, the Funded Debt and the IMBDA
      Consideration Adjustment will be paid by the Parties as follows;

      3.3.1 The Consideration shall be paid by Purchaser to Seller on the
            Closing Date by non transferable bank drafts or wire transfer (to be
            performed SWIFT, with fixed value at the Closing Date and at no cost
            for the Seller) in the name or to the account of Seller or as
            otherwise directed by Seller.

      3.3.2 The IMBDA Consideration Adjustment due pursuant to Section 3.2 above
            shall be paid by Seller to the Purchaser within ten (10) Business
            Days from the final determination of such IMBDA Consideration
            Adjustment as provided above. The IMBDA Consideration Adjustment
            will be paid by non transferable bank drafts or wire transfer (to be
            performed SWIFT, with fixed value at the date it will be due and at
            no cost for Purchaser) in the name or to the account of Purchaser or
            as otherwise directed by Purchaser in the communication concerning
            such IMBDA Consideration Adjustment. The amount of such payment
            shall bear interest from the Closing Date to the date of payment at
            the rate established by First Union, N.A. from time to time as its
            prime rate (the "Prime Rate"), which rate shall be adjusted as of
            the date of each change in the Prime Rate.

      3.3.3 The Funded Debt (except (i) any amounts due to Employees listed in
            Schedule 3(w) transferred to the Company after the De-merger, which
            amounts shall be paid by the Company when they become due, (ii) any
            amount for overdue accounts payable in excess, at the Closing Date,
            of 1.8 million Euro in the aggregate, which amount shall be paid by
            the relevant Companies according to the ordinary course of business,
            but shall remain the obligation of Seller to fund as a part of the
            Funded Debt; and (iii) the amounts of the facilities granted to the
            Subsidiary by TURKIYE IS BANKASI and TEKFEN BANK AS vis-a-vis export
            commitments, as better identified in Schedule 3(t), which shall be
            paid when due) shall be paid at the Closing by the Purchaser, in the
            name and on behalf of the Companies, to the banks, leasing companies
            and/or any other credit institution as payment of the portion of any
            Funded Debt owed to such banks, leasing companies and/or any other
            credit institutions by the Companies in accordance with the written
            instruction given by the Seller.

            With specific reference to the amount of the Funded Debt to be
            actually repaid on the Closing Date, the Parties acknowledge that
            the relevant pay off notices (as mentioned in par. 7.2.(o)) indicate
            the balance due at the Business Day immediately preceding the
            Closing Date.


                                  Page 5 of 41
<PAGE>


            In this respect, the Parties agree that any charge or benefit
            resulting, even after the Closing Date, but referring to the period
            up to the Closing Date (included), on any of the accounts of the
            Companies to which the Funded Debt refers, shall be, respectively,
            for the account or for the benefit of the Seller, which shall be
            therefore liable for, or, respectively, entitled to, the negative or
            positive balance between such charges and benefits.

            For the sake of clarity, it is understood that the charges will
            include interest, if any, on the Funded Debt for the time between
            the reference date considered in the relevant pay off notice and the
            Closing date, and the benefits will include, if any, payments of
            commercial receivables disposed by the relevant debtor up to the
            Closing Date (included), even if recorded by the receiving bank or
            financial institution after the Closing Date.

                            ARTICLE 4 - CLOSING DATE

4.1   The Closing Date. The Closing of the purchase and sale of the Quota will
      take place on January 9, 2003, in Milan at the place agreed between the
      Parties and at the presence of the Notary Public chosen by Purchaser.

4.2   Effective date. The sale and purchase of the Quota will be effective as of
      the close of business on the Closing Date, even though Purchaser will
      benefit from the rights, including dividends pertaining to the Quota as
      from the date set forth in Article 2 above.

4.3   Closing Documents. At Closing, Purchaser shall pay the Consideration to
      Seller and the Other Shareholder in accordance with Section 3.3 above and
      shall deliver to Seller the closing documents set forth in Section 7.3
      below, and Seller shall deliver to Purchaser the closing documents set
      forth in Section 7.2 hereto.

             ARTICLE 5 - REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES, COVENANTS AND
                                   CONDITIONS

5.1   Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties of the
      Purchaser and Seller are set forth in Annexes 2 and 3 hereto,
      respectively.

5.2   Covenants. The covenants of the Parties are set forth in Annex 4 hereto.

                           ARTICLE 6 - INDEMNIFICATION

6.1   Survival of Representations and Warranties and Covenants.The
      representations and warranties set forth in Annex 3 hereto and the
      covenants contained in this Agreement and the Schedules hereto shall
      survive the Closing Date (i) with respect to the representations and
      warranties set forth in Sections 1.1 (a), (b) and (c) of Annex 3 with
      respect to the ownership of the Quota and the shares of the Subsidiary and
      the covenants contained in this Agreement, Annexes and the Schedules
      hereto, without


                                  Page 6 of 41
<PAGE>


      limitation as to time, (ii) with respect to the representations and
      warranties set forth in Section 1.1 (n) of Annex 3 hereto relating to
      Taxes, Section 1.1 (q) of Annex 3 relating to environmental matters,
      Section1.1 (o) of Annex 3 hereto with respect to Taxes relating to
      employment and labor matters, and Section1.1 (w) relating to Extraordinary
      Transactions for a period ending 60 days after the applicable statute of
      limitations and (iii) with respect to any other representation or warranty
      until the end of the eighteen (18) month period from the Closing Date.

6.2   Indemnification by Purchaser. From and after the Closing, Purchaser will
      indemnify, defend and hold the Seller harmless from and against any and
      all actions, suits, demands, assessments, judgments, losses, liabilities,
      damages, costs and expenses (including penalties, reasonable attorney's
      fees, accounting fees and investigation costs) ("Losses") suffered or
      incurred by the Seller resulting or arising from any breach of the
      representations, warranties and covenants of Purchaser contained in this
      Agreement or in the documents delivered pursuant to this Agreement

6.3   Indemnification by Seller. From and after the Closing, the Seller will
      indemnify, defend and hold Purchaser, the Company and Subsidiary and each
      of their officers, directors, employees and Affiliates (each a "Purchaser
      Indemnified Party" and collectively, the "Purchaser Indemnified Parties")
      harmless from and against any and all Losses suffered or incurred by
      Purchaser Indemnified Parties, resulting or arising from (i) any breach of
      the representations and warranties contained in Annex 3 to this Agreement;
      (ii) any failure to perform or breach of the covenants of the Seller
      contained in this Agreement, (iii) any suit, proceeding, action, claim or
      investigation, pending or threatened, against a Purchaser Indemnified
      Party that arose from any matter or state of facts existing on or prior to
      the Closing Date unless such matter, state of facts, suit or action is
      disclosed in a Schedule to this Agreement in reasonable detail; (iv)
      liabilities or obligations arising out of the Companies' or Eldor Slovakia
      or any of their Affiliates' infringement of any third party's Intellectual
      Property prior to the Closing Date unless and to the extent disclosed in a
      Schedule to this Agreement; and (v) liabilities or obligations arising in
      connection with the sale of any products manufactured and/or sold by the
      Companies, Eldor, Eldor Slovakia or any of their Affiliates prior to the
      Closing Date unless and to the extent disclosed in a Schedule to this
      Agreement.

6.4   Notice, Payment of the Indemnity. The procedures for the request and the
      payment of the indemnification are indicated in Annex 6 hereto.

6.5   Bank Guarantee. The Seller shall obtain, at its sole expense, and deliver
      to Purchaser at the Closing an unconditional guaranty from a financial
      institution acceptable to Purchaser of the Seller's obligations to
      indemnify the Purchaser under this Article 6 and Annex 6 and to pay the
      IMBDA Consideration Adjustment in Article 3 hereof, if any (the "Bank
      Guarantee"). The amount of the Bank Guaranty shall be (i) Euros
      10,000,000.00 (ten million) until the first anniversary of the Closing
      Date, and (ii) Euros 5,000,000.00 (five million) for the period between
      the first anniversary of the Closing Date and the expiration of the
      eighteenth month after the Closing Date, and shall be substantially in the
      form of Annex 7.2(a) hereto. If at the expiration of the Bank Guarantee
      the same is not renewed and/or substituted by a new bank guarantee


                                  Page 7 of 41
<PAGE>


      having the same terms and conditions as provided in Annex 7.2(a), and
      therefore should an escrow agent be appointed as provided in the Bank
      Guarantee, the Parties acknowledge and agree that (i) the fees of the
      escrow agent will be incurred exclusively by the Seller; and (ii) the
      escrow agreement will have terms and conditions that are substantially
      identical to the ones of the Bank Guarantee.

6.6   Other Limitations. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in
      this Agreement:

      (a)   the Seller and/or Purchaser shall have no liability to the other
            party pursuant to Section 6 until Losses incurred or suffered by the
            Purchaser Indemnified Parties reaches Euro 65,000.00 in the
            aggregate (the "Basket"), it being understood that, once the Basket
            is exceeded, the Seller and/or Purchaser shall be liable for any
            amount exceeding the Basket;

      (b)   the amount of any indemnification owing by a Party shall be reduced
            by the amount of any insurance proceeds which the Indemnified Party
            or any Purchaser Indemnified Party actually receives;

      (c)   the amounts owing by Seller under Section 6 shall further be offset
            against the specific reserve (if any) as reflected in the Financial
            Statements and De-merger Balance Sheet with respect to the risks
            from which the Loss originates, such specific reserves are set forth
            on Schedule 6(c) hereto; and

      (d)   the total aggregate liability of Seller or Purchaser under this
            Section 6 (including Annex 6) with respect to any matter
            contemplated in this Agreement shall not exceed the amount of Euro
            30,000,000.00 from the Closing until the eighteenth month after the
            Closing Date, Euro 15,000,000.00 thereafter and until the third
            anniversary of the Closing Date and Euro 10,000,000.00 thereafter
            and until the expiration of the survival period set forth in Article
            6.1.(ii) above (the "Cap").

      Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, in
      no event shall the limitation in this Section 6.6 (a) (the Basket) be
      applicable to Losses arising as a result of (1) a breach of the
      representations and warranties in Section 1.1(f) of Annex 3 pertaining to
      the amount of the Overhead Expenses, (2) a breach of the representations
      and warranties in Sections 1.1(n)(xvi) or (xvii) of Annex 3 but only if
      such breach relates to the De-merger, (3) a breach of representation and
      warranty in the last paragraph of Section 1.1 (o) of Annex 3, (4) a claim
      for indemnification for receivables pursuant to Section 1.5 of Annex 6,
      (5) the existence of Funded Debt in excess to that resulting from Schedule
      3(t), or (6) the actual fraud by the Seller. Accordingly, Purchaser shall
      be entitled to indemnification from the Seller from the first Euro of
      Loss.

      Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, in
      no event shall the limitation in this Section 6.6 (d) (the Cap) be
      applicable to Losses arising as a result of (1) a breach of the
      representations and warranties in Sections 1.1(n) (xi), (xvi) or (xvii) of
      Annex 3 but only if such breach relates to the De-merger, or (2) a breach
      of the covenants in Section 1.1 of Annex 4 hereto or (3)the actual fraud
      by the Seller.


                                  Page 8 of 41
<PAGE>


6.7   Sole remedy. Except for the representation and warranty in Section 1.1(i)
      of Annex 3, upon the completion of the Closing, the right to be
      indemnified pursuant to and in accordance with the provisions of this
      Section 6 (including Annex 6) shall constitute the sole and exclusive
      remedy of the Indemnified Party in respect of any breach by the
      Indemnifying Party of the provisions of this Agreement.

6.8   The indemnities will be fully effective notwithstanding the due diligence
      review made by Purchaser; provided however, Seller shall not be obligated
      to indemnify any Purchaser Indemnified Party if facts giving rise to the
      indemnification claim are described in reasonable detail in this Agreement
      or in the Schedules.

                          ARTICLE 7 - CLOSING DOCUMENTS

7.1   At the Closing, the Seller and the Other Shareholder, on one side, and the
      Purchaser shall execute the notarial deed of transfer of the Quota to the
      Purchaser, before a Notary Public chosen by Purchaser, in accordance with
      Article 2479 of the Italian Civil Code, as amended by Law 310 of August
      12, 1993; it being understood and agreed that notwithstanding any possible
      conflicting provision contained in the above mentioned deed of transfer,
      the contractual terms and conditions governing the transfer of the Quota
      are and shall be only those contained in this Agreement (as the same may
      be amended from time to time), which shall in no way be novated by such
      deed of transfer. For the above purposes, the Seller hereby undertakes to
      cause the Other Shareholder to execute the above mentioned deed of
      transfer.

7.2   Seller shall deliver to Purchaser the following documents at the Closing:

      (A)   The Bank Guarantee in the form of Annex 7.2(a);

      (B)   The resignation, release and waiver by the current directors and
            statutory auditors of the Company and the Subsidiary in the form of
            Annex 7.2(b) hereto;

      (C)   Copies of the Company Shareholders' Meeting held on December 20,
            2002, appointing the new Board of Directors and the new Board of
            Statutory Auditors in compliance with the instructions supplied by
            Purchaser; copy of the Subsidiary's Board resolution convening the
            Shareholders' Meeting for the appointment of the new Board of
            Directors and the new Board of Statutory Auditors in compliance with
            the instructions supplied by Purchaser;

      (D)   Evidence (see Annex 7.2(n)) that title to all of the assets related
            to the Consumer Business located in Eldor Slovakia were or will be
            transferred to the Subsidiary within February 28, 2003; it being
            understood that their delivery will take place not later than
            February, 28, 2003 and the Seller will bear all related costs,
            including breakdown, shipping and reassembly of the manufacturing
            lines;

      (E)   Non-Compete Agreement in the form of Annex 7.2(e) hereto duly signed
            by Seller (also including a Seller's commitment to cause any
            Seller's Affiliate not to compete);

      (F)   Evidence that all shares of Eldor Slovakia have been transferred by
            the Company to and/or any of its Affiliates;

      (G)   Consulting Agreement between the Company and Mr. Pasquale Forte in
            the form of Annex 7.2(g)_ hereto duly signed by Mr. Pasquale Forte
            (the "Consulting Agreement");


                                  Page 9 of 41
<PAGE>


      (H)   Eldor Trademark License Agreement between Eldor Holding SpA, Eldor,
            and the Company in the form of Annex 7.2(h) hereto (the "Trademark
            License Agreement");

      (I)   Design License Agreement for Flyback Transformers between Eldor and
            the Company in the form of Annex 7.2(i) hereto (the "Design License
            Agreement");

      (J)   Service and Maintenance Agreement between Eldor and the Company in
            the form of Annex 7.2(j) hereto (the "Service Agreement");

      (K)   Information Technology Services Agreement signed by Eldor and the
            Company in the form of Annex 7.2(k) hereto, pursuant to which Eldor
            would provide the Purchaser with certain IT Services (the "IT
            Agreement");

      (L)   Sublease and Transition Service Agreement between Eldor and the
            Company in the form of Annex 7.2(l) hereto (the "Sublease
            Agreement");

      (M)   Landlord's approval to the Sublease; and

      (N)   Toll Production Agreement between Eldor Slovakia and the Company in
            the form of Annex 7.2(n) hereto (the "Toll Production Agreement");

      (O)   Pay off Notices and releases for the Funded Debt from each of the
            lending institutions;

      (P)   Sale and Exclusivity Agreement between Eldor and the Company, also
            on behalf of the Subsidiary, in the form of Annex 7.2(p) hereto (the
            "Selling Limitation Agreement"); and

      (Q)   All Consents or waivers of rights of first refusal required to
            consummate the transactions contemplated herein, if any;

      (R)   Shares Transfer Statement from all Other Subsidiary Shareholders to
            transfer title of such Shares to Purchaser's designees for one Euro
            each.

7.3   Purchaser shall deliver to Seller the following documents at the Closing:

      (A)   the Consulting Agreement duly signed by the Company;

      (B)   the Trademark License Agreement duly signed by the Company;

      (C)   the Design License Agreement duly signed by the Company;

      (D)   the Service Agreement duly signed by the Company;

      (E)   the Sale Agreement duly signed by the Company;

      (F)   the IT Agreement duly signed by the company,

      (G)   the Sublease Agreement duly signed by the Company;

      (H)   the Toll Production Agreement duly signed by the Company; and

      (I)   the Selling Limitation Agreement duly signed by the Company, also on
            behalf of the Subsidiary.

                            ARTICLE 8 - MISCELLANEOUS

8.1   Notices. All notices, requests and other communications to any Party will
      be in writing and will be given:

      If to Purchaser to:                        With copies to:

      C/o Pulse Engineering, Inc.                Technitrol, Inc.
      12220 World Trade Drive                    1210 Northbrook Drive
      San Diego, CA 92128                        Suite 385


                                 Page 10 of 41
<PAGE>


      Attn:  John L. Kowalski, President         Trevose, PA 19053
      fax: +1.858.674 8334                       Attn:  Ann Marie Janus, General
                                                 Counsel
                                                 fax: +1.215.355 6950


      If to Seller to:                           With copies to:

      Eldor Corporation S.p.A                    Pavia e Ansaldo
      Via Plinio 18                              Via del Lauro 7
      22030 Orsenigo (Como)                      20121 Milano
      Italy                                      Italy
      Attn.: Pasquale Forte                      Attn: Maurizio Bernardi
      fax: +39. 031.636430                       fax: +39.02.8558.2871

      or to such other address or fax number as such Party may specify by
      written notice to the other Party. If no such notice is given, any
      delivery to the address indicated in the Agreement will be considered
      valid.

      The notices, requests and other communications will be delivered by
      registered mail return receipt or by fax, provided that a confirmation
      copy of such fax is sent to the other Party by registered mail or by
      express courier no later than the first business day following the date of
      the fax transmission.

      Each notice, request or communication will be effective: if given by fax,
      when such fax is actually received as confirmed by the report of the fax
      machine of the transmitting party; if given by registered mail, on the
      date of delivery certified on the return card.

8.2   Brokers. Seller shall pay for any investment banker, broker, finder,
      intermediator or any other Person ("Broker") engaged by Seller, the
      Company or any of their Affiliates who might be entitled to a fee or
      commission upon consummation of the contemplated transactions. Purchaser
      shall pay the fee or commission for any Broker it engaged in connection
      with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

8.3   Expenses and Taxes. All legal, accounting and other costs and expenses
      incurred in connection to the Agreement and the transactions contemplated
      in it will be paid by the Party incurring such expenses. However,
      Purchaser will bear all stock transfer tax, registration fees, court
      duties, stamp duties or notarial fees payable in connection with the
      performance of the Closing. The Seller shall be liable for all other taxes
      arising in connection with the transactions contemplated by this
      Agreement.

8.4   Successors and Assigns. This Agreement will be binding upon and will inure
      to the benefit of the Parties and their respective successors and assigns.
      The Agreement itself, however, may not be assigned by any party without
      the prior written consent of the other Party. Notwithstanding the
      foregoing, the rights of Purchaser may be transferred to any Affiliate of
      any company in the Technitrol Group but no such transfer will relieve
      Purchaser of its obligations under the Agreement.

8.5   Entire Agreement, Amendments. This Agreement, the annexes, Schedules and
      the


                                 Page 11 of 41
<PAGE>


      related agreements specifically referred to embody the entire agreement of
      the Parties with respect to the subject matter and supersede all prior
      agreements. This Agreement may be amended, and any provision waived, only
      in writing. This Agreement supersedes the letter of intent and the
      confidentiality agreements executed by the Parties prior to the Closing
      Date.

8.6   Originals. This Agreement is executed in two originals in English
      language. Translations into Italian are for convenience purposes only.
      Accordingly, all documentation, notices and correspondence pursuant or
      relating to this Agreement shall be submitted and maintained in the
      English language. In the event this Agreement is translated, the English
      version shall control all interpretation hereof.

8.7   Captions. The captions and indexes in this Agreement are for convenience
      of reference only and will not limit or otherwise affect any of the terms
      or provisions of the Agreement.

8.8   Arbitration. Except for a dispute under Article 3, none of the Parties
      shall institute a proceeding in any court or administrative agency to
      resolve a dispute between the parties hereunder, whether arising prior to
      or after the Closing Date, before that Party has sought to resolve the
      dispute through direct negotiation with the other Party. If the dispute is
      not resolved within three weeks after a demand for direct negotiation, the
      Parties shall attempt to resolve the dispute through mediation. If the
      Parties do not promptly agree on a mediator, then either Party may notify
      the CEDR Center for Effective Dispute Resolution of London, UK at the
      following address: Exchange Tower, 1 Harbour Exchange Square, London
      E149GB, UK or at the then current address, if different. The fees and
      expenses of the mediator shall be paid one-half each by the Seller and
      Purchaser. If the mediator is unable to facilitate a settlement of the
      dispute within a reasonable period of time, as determined by the mediator,
      the mediator shall issue a written statement to the Parties to that effect
      and the aggrieved Party may then seek relief through arbitration. All
      disputes arising out of this Agreement, except those pursuant to Article
      3, including those concerning its validity, interpretation, performance
      and termination, and not solved pursuant to the above, shall be referred
      to an arbitral tribunal consisting of three arbitrators (one selected by
      the Purchaser, one selected by the Seller, and the third selected jointly
      by the arbitrators) appointed according to the International Arbitration
      Rules of the Chamber of National and International Arbitration of Milan,
      which the parties declare that they know and accept in their entirety. The
      arbitrators shall decide according to the norms ("rituale").The language
      of the arbitration shall be English and the panel shall sit in Milan.

8.9   Media Releases. Promptly following execution and delivery of this
      Agreement by all parties, a press release in the form of Annex 8.9_shall
      be issued by Technitrol, Inc. Thereafter, neither the Seller nor any of
      its Affiliates or representatives shall issue any press release after the
      date hereof or otherwise make any public statement with respect to the
      transactions contemplated hereby without the consent of Purchaser (which
      shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed), except to the
      extent that the Seller is advised by its counsel that such a press release
      or statement is required by applicable law or regulations, and then only
      after consultation with Purchaser. Also thereafter, Purchaser shall
      consult with the Seller before Purchaser or any of its Affiliates or
      representatives shall issue any press release after the date hereof which


                                 Page 12 of 41
<PAGE>


      discloses any of the material terms of this Agreement; provided, however,
      nothing herein shall be construed to require the Purchaser to consult with
      the Seller before issuing any press release or other public statement or
      disclosure relating to the Companies and their business, including any
      financial information.

8.10  Registration in the Shareholders' Book. The Board of Directors of the
      Company is authorized, subject to the completion of the Closing and to the
      fulfillment of the requirements provided by Article 2479 of the Italian
      Civil Code, as amended by Law 310 of August 12, 1993, to register the
      transfer of the Quota in the shareholders' book of the Company, subject to
      the obligations set forth by the Italian law.

8.11  Governing law. This Agreement and the rights and obligations of the
      parties will be governed by, construed with and enforced in accordance
      with Italian law without application of its conflict of law principles.

This Agreement has been signed on behalf of each of the parties as of the date
first above written.

Pulse Electronics (Singapore) Pte. Ltd                       Forfin Holding B.V.

By: Michael McAuliffe                                         By: Pasquale Forte
Title: Proxy Holder                                              Title: Director

---------------------                                        -------------------


                                 Page 13 of 41
<PAGE>


                              ANNEX 1 - DEFINITIONS


In addition to the definitions set forth in the Agreement, the following will
apply:

Accounting Principles         means the generally accepted accounting principles
                              used in Italy, as far as the Company is concerned,
                              or in Turkey, as far as the Subsidiary is
                              concerned, applied in a manner which is consistent
                              with the manner in which they were applied in the
                              preparation of the respective financial statements
                              for Eldor for the year ended on December 31, 2001,
                              as far as the Company is concerned, or of the
                              Subsidiary, in each case, as supplemented, to any
                              necessary extent, by the principles stated by the
                              International Accounting Standard Committee.

Assets                        means all tangible and intangible assets
                              (including, but not limited to, Equipment,
                              Equipment Designs, Inventory, Real Property,
                              Accounts Receivable, Intellectual Property and
                              prepaid assets), as well as the financial assets,
                              credits, interests (if any) and the "cash",
                              including the bank account deposits, of the
                              Company, whether or not reflected in the Company's
                              Records or Accounts.

Affiliate                     means with respect to any Person, any other Person
                              that controls, is controlled by or is under common
                              control with, whether by way of voting capital
                              stock or otherwise, another Person.

Bank Guarantee                means the bank guarantee, issued by a primary bank
                              selected by the Seller and accepted by the
                              Purchaser substantially in the form of Annex 7.2
                              (a).

Best Knowledge                means the knowledge of the senior managers of
                              either of the Companies or Eldor after reasonable
                              investigation under the circumstances.

Business Day                  means any day other than a Saturday or Sunday or a
                              day that is a bank holiday in Milan, Italy or
                              Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.

Closing                       means the consummation of the Agreement, before
                              the public Notary, according to Italian law,
                              scheduled on the Closing Date.

Closing Date                  means the date and time on which the Closing shall
                              be held as provided in Article 4.1 of the
                              Agreement.

Consideration                 means the price of the Quota, as indicated in
                              Section 3.1 of the Agreement.


                                 Page 14 of 41
<PAGE>


Consumer Business             the OEM consumer wound magnetics business (i.e.
                              the business related to the fly back transformers,
                              switch mode transformers and the color deflection
                              yokes to the OEM consumers) carried out by Eldor
                              up to the de-merger and by the Companies
                              thereafter.

Contract                      means any oral or written agreement,
                              understanding, unilateral undertaking or similar
                              instrument to which any of the Companies is a
                              party.

De-merger                     means the de-merger through which the whole
                              Consumer Business of Eldor was transferred to the
                              Company, approved by the Board of Directors of
                              Eldor on March 28, 2002, by Eldor's Extraordinary
                              Shareholders' Meeting on April 22, 2002 and
                              finalized through the deed executed before Notary
                              Public Pasquale Lebano on June 26, 2002 (rep.
                              218312, racc. 29376)

De-merger Balance Sheet       means the balance sheet of the Company as at
                              June 30, 2002 attached hereto as Schedule 3(f).

Eldor Group                   means Eldor Holding S.p.A., with registered
                              offices in Orsenigo (Como), at 18, Via Caio
                              Plinio, and all Persons directly or indirectly
                              controlled by it, excluding the Companies.

Eldor Slovakia Business       means the Equipment, the Inventory (if any) and
                              the other Assets of Eldor Slovakia and related to
                              the Consumer Business, including any pending order
                              for manufacturing of products.

Eldor Consumer
Trademarks                    means the trademarks owned by Eldor Holding S.p.A.
                              listed in Schedule 1 of the Trademark License
                              Agreement and used or useable in the Consumer
                              Business.

Employee(s)                   means any Person who has entered into an
                              employment relationship of any kind (including,
                              but not limited to, Dirigenti) with the Companies
                              which makes him qualify as a lavoratore
                              subordinato or any equivalent qualification
                              according to the respective applicable law.

Equipment                     means any machinery, fixed assets (except Real
                              Property), tools (including plastic injection
                              moulds), dies, jacks, moulds, computers, copiers,
                              telephones, motor vehicle, office furniture,
                              equipment or any tangible personal property owned
                              or leased by the Companies in order to operate the
                              Business as it has been operated in 2002.


                                 Page 15 of 41
<PAGE>

Equipment Designs             means all presently existing manuals, designs,
                              specifications, software disks (but with the
                              exclusion of any source code), and presently
                              existing engineering and other drawings,
                              engineering notes and any other material written
                              information relating to all the Equipment of the
                              Companies, including those formerly owned by Eldor
                              Slovakia.

Extraordinary Transaction     means the De-merger and any operation of merger,
                              de-merger, contribution of assets/liabilities to
                              capital, exchange of shares, increase of shares,
                              or undertaking to transfer the business or any
                              portion thereof in any manner and transfer of
                              shares or equity of Eldor Slovakia.

Financial Statements          means the consolidated financial statements of the
                              Subsidiary as of and for the period ended December
                              31, 2001, as audited by Deloitte&Touche, attached
                              hereto as Schedule 3(f).

Funded Debt                   means all indebtedness of the Companies for
                              borrowed money (and accrued interest thereon) and
                              including both the current and long term portion
                              thereof, and includes, without limitation, (i)
                              bank overdrafts, bank advances, revolving credit
                              facilities, term loans, equipment loans,
                              mortgages, deeds of trust, security deeds, lease
                              obligations (other than lease obligations under
                              leases for real property), notes and guarantees;
                              (ii) the deferred purchase price of property or
                              services other than trade payables arising in the
                              ordinary course of business in accordance with
                              customary trade terms; (iii) indebtedness
                              evidenced by notes, bonds, debentures or similar
                              instruments or letters of credit; (iv) accrued
                              interest, prepayment premiums and any other fees,
                              expenses or penalties payable on or relating to
                              such indebtedness (and the refinancing thereof),
                              including without limitation termination fees or
                              penalties; (v) debt convertible into equity of the
                              Company or Subsidiaries, as identified in Schedule
                              3(t), (vi) an amount equal to those accounts
                              payable related to the Consumer Business which, at
                              the Closing Date, are overdue and exceed in the
                              aggregate the sum of 1.8 million Euro, and (vii)
                              all liabilities associated to the employees
                              transferred to the Company after the De-merger as
                              listed in Schedule 3(w).

Italian GAAP                  means the generally accepted accounting principles
                              as practiced in Italy, and including all rules,
                              pronouncements, methods and practices as based
                              mainly by the Civil Code, Legislative Decree no.
                              127 of April 9, 1991, the principles of the
                              Commissione per la Statuizione dei Principi
                              Contabili of the Consiglio Nazionale dei Dottori
                              Commercialisti e dei Ragionieri and regulations of
                              Consob.


                                 Page 16 of 41
<PAGE>


IMBDA                         Means with regard to the Consumer Business as
                              conducted by the Companies in 2002, the industrial
                              margin before depreciation and amortization and
                              shall be computed as follows: Gross Sales (i) less
                              the sum of (x) variable sales expenses, (y) total
                              variable manufacturing expenses and (z) total
                              fixed manufacturing expenses and (ii) plus all sum
                              of depreciation amortization and costs of any
                              industrial leases included in industrial margin

Indemnified Party             means a party to this Agreement seeking
                              indemnification pursuant to Article 6 and Annex 6
                              of this Agreement.

Indemnifying Party            means a party to this Agreement against whom
                              indemnification is sought pursuant to Article 6
                              and Annex 6 of this Agreement.

Intellectual Property         means any software, firmware, copyright,
                              trademark, trade- name, service mark and the Eldor
                              Trademarks, patent, proprietary manufacturing
                              process, proprietary intellectual property and any
                              applications relating to any of the foregoing
                              (including, without limitation, proprietary
                              manufacturing process, proprietary computer
                              software, whether in object or source form,
                              processes and related documentation) whether owned
                              or licensed, used by any of the Companies in the
                              business.

Inventory                     means the inventories of the Company, the
                              Subsidiary and of the Eldor Slovakia Business (if
                              any), including without limitation, finished
                              goods, work-in-process, raw materials, supplies
                              and other materials, inventories in transit and/or
                              at locations other than the Company's or
                              Subsidiary's premises.

Lease                         means any lease, sublease or similar written or
                              oral agreement, together with all options, rights
                              and interests thereunder of the lessee or
                              sub-lessee, as the case may be, under which the
                              Company or the Subsidiary hold or otherwise have
                              rights in Real Property, Assets or Equipment of a
                              third party.

Lien                          means, with respect to any Asset any claim,
                              mortgage, lien, pledge, charge, security interest,
                              burden or encumbrance of any kind or any right of
                              a third party in respect of the same. For purposes
                              of the Agreement, an Asset shall be deemed to be
                              subject to a Lien if such Asset is subject to the
                              interests of a vendor or a lessor under any
                              conditional sale agreement, capital lease or other
                              title retention agreement relating to the same.


                                 Page 17 of 41
<PAGE>

Material Adverse Change       means any damage, loss, liability and expense or
                              any other adverse or negative event incurred or
                              suffered by Eldor, in relation to its Consumer
                              Business, the Company and/or the Subsidiary which
                              impaired or could impair the ability of the
                              Company or the Subsidiary to conduct their
                              ordinary business or which materially and
                              adversely modifies the Company's and the
                              Subsidiary's present or future situation, assets,
                              financial condition or results of operations.

Overhead Expenses             means fixed selling, research and development
                              expenses, depreciation of non-production assets,
                              overhead expenses R&D personnel and overhead
                              personnel expenses incurred in 2002 in the
                              Consumer Business in the order to operate the
                              Consumer Business as it was operated in 2002 and
                              necessary to conduct the Companies' business as
                              currently conducted. For purposes of clarity, this
                              means all operating costs that are not reflected
                              in industrial margin and are not extraordinary
                              expenses as defined by the Calculation Method.

Person                        means an individual, a corporation, a partnership,
                              an association, a trust or any other entity or
                              organization, including a government or political
                              subdivision or an agency or instrumentality
                              thereof.

Real Property                 means any real property or interest therein
                              (excluding any leased property) together with all
                              buildings, improvements, fixtures, easements,
                              licenses, options, rights to unpaid insurance
                              proceeds, rights to unpaid condemnation awards and
                              all other rights in or appurtenant thereto.

Records                       means any books and records, personnel records,
                              Tax and financial records in printed form or other
                              media and computer software and data in computer
                              readable and human readable form, in each case
                              used to maintain such books and records together
                              with the media on which such software and data are
                              stored and all documentation relating thereto.

Required Consents             means any and all consents or approvals of any
                              public body or authority and any and all consents
                              or waivers from any parties to leases, licenses,
                              franchises, permits, indentures, agreements and
                              other instruments which are required for the
                              consummation of the transactions contemplated in
                              the Agreement.

Schedules                     means all annexes to the Agreement.


Tax                           means with respect to any Person:


                                 Page 18 of 41
<PAGE>


                                    (i)      any net income, gross income, gross
                                             receipts, sales, use, ad valorem,
                                             franchise, VAT, profits, license,
                                             withholding, payroll, social
                                             security, employment, excise,
                                             severance, stamp, business,
                                             occupation, premium or property
                                             tax, custom duty tariff or other
                                             tax, contribution, fee, assessment
                                             or charge of any kind whatsoever,
                                             together with any interest and any
                                             penalty, addition to tax or
                                             additional amount imposed by any
                                             taxing authority (domestic or
                                             foreign) imposed on such Person;
                                             and

                                    (ii)     any liability of such Person for
                                             the payment of any amount of the
                                             type described in the immediately
                                             preceding clause as a result of
                                             such Person's membership within an
                                             affiliated or combined group.

Tax Returns                   means all returns, reports, declarations, and
                              information returns and statements relating to
                              Taxes, including any amendments or supplements
                              thereto and the term "Tax Return" means any one of
                              the foregoing.

Technitrol Group              means Technitrol, Inc. with registered offices in
                              Trevose, Pennsylvania (USA) and all Persons
                              directly or indirectly controlled by it.


                                 Page 19 of 41
<PAGE>


              ANNEX 2 - Purchaser's Representations and Warranties

1.1   The Purchaser represents and warrants to Seller as follows:

(a)   Existence and Corporate Authorization. Purchaser is a company duly
      organized and validly existing under the laws of Singapore and has full
      power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations under the
      Agreement and the other contemplated transactions. The execution and
      performance of the Agreement have been duly authorized by all necessary
      corporate action of Purchaser and, upon execution and delivery, the
      Agreement constitutes a valid and binding obligation of Purchaser
      enforceable against Purchaser in accordance with its terms. All Required
      Consents have been duly obtained.

(b)   No Default, No Contravention, Binding Effect. The execution, delivery and
      performance by Purchaser of the Agreement do not contravene, or constitute
      default under, any provision of applicable law or regulation of the
      Articles of Incorporation or By-laws of Purchaser or of any agreement,
      judgment, injunction, order, decree or other instrument binding upon
      Purchaser.


                                 Page 20 of 41
<PAGE>


               ANNEX 3 - REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF SELLER

                                     ANNEX 3

1.1   Representations and Warranties. The Seller represents and warrants to
      Purchaser as follows:

      (a)   Legal Status and Authority. Each of the Company and Subsidiary is
            duly organized and validly existing companies under the laws of
            their respective jurisdictions, and they have the corporate and
            legal capacity to conduct their business in the manner in which it
            has been conducted up to now according to their Articles of
            Incorporation and By-laws or other governing documents, which govern
            them and are annexed to this Agreement as Schedule 3(a). Any
            Extraordinary Transaction to which any of the Companies, or all
            them, have been a party has been performed pursuant to and in
            compliance with applicable laws.

            The Companies are not and have not been subject to any liquidation
            procedure, voluntary or not, bankruptcy procedure or similar
            procedures, nor is the Seller aware that any such procedure has been
            threatened or initiated by any third party.

            The execution of this Agreement and the consummation of the
            transactions contemplated herein have been duly approved by the
            appropriate corporate bodies of Seller. Upon execution and delivery,
            this Agreement constitutes a valid and binding obligation of Seller
            enforceable against Seller in accordance with its terms. All
            Required Consents have been duly obtained.

            The execution, delivery and performance by Seller of the Agreement
            do not contravene, or constitute a default under, any provision of
            applicable law or regulation or of any agreement, judgment,
            injunction, order, decree or other instrument binding upon Seller.

      (b)   Capitalization / Full Ownership of the Interest / Representative
            Powers. The present corporate capital of the Company is equal
            to(euro)4,394,040.00 fully paid up. The Quota of the Company being
            transferred to Purchaser hereunder represents 100% of the corporate
            capital of the Company as indicated in the preamble of the
            Agreement. The Quota has been validly issued and are fully paid-in
            and non assessable and issued in compliance with all laws. There are
            no options, warrants, convertible bonds, subscription rights or
            other rights of third parties, including former shareholders,
            agreements or commitments of any kind obligating the Seller to issue
            or sell any new quotas, or to repurchase or redeem the Quota (or any
            part thereof) and no authorization therefore has been given.

            Seller and the Other Shareholder are the exclusive owners in
            aggregate of the Quota (as indicated in the preamble of this
            Agreement), including all rights


                                 Page 21 of 41
<PAGE>


            related thereto, free and clear of any Lien and, upon consummation
            of the purchase and sale of the Quota at the Closing according to
            Article 2 of the Agreement, Purchaser will be the exclusive owner of
            the Quota, including all rights related thereto, free and clear of
            any Lien.

            The Quota is freely transferable, with no limitations, subject to
            the first refusal right contained in Article 7 of the Company's
            By-Laws which is not applicable to the sale of the Quota to
            Purchaser hereunder. There is no shareholders' agreement or similar
            instrument governing the relationship among the shareholders of the
            Company and/or the Subsidiary.

            Only the Members of the Board of the Company and Subsidiary and the
            individuals listed in Schedule 3(b) have been granted powers to
            represent and bind the Company or the Subsidiary and no other
            individual has been granted similar powers in any form whatsoever,
            whether through Board resolutions or special and general powers of
            attorney.

      (c)   Subsidiary. Schedule 3(c) correctly sets forth the name, the form of
            legal entity, jurisdictions of organization, the present corporate
            capital, chief executive offices and principal places of business of
            the Company's Subsidiary. The Company is the record and beneficial
            owner of 99.68% of the issued and outstanding stock and equity
            interests in the Subsidiary, and Pasquale Forte, Mariella Anzani,
            Luca Forte and Bruno Forte (the "Other Subsidiary Shareholders") are
            the record and beneficial owners of the remaining issued and
            outstanding capital stock of or equity interests in the Subsidiary.
            The capital stock and/or equity interests in the Subsidiary owned by
            Other Subsidiary Shareholders will be transferred to Purchaser's
            designees, free and clear of all Liens, by virtue of the Shares
            Transfer Statement provided in Section 7.2 (R) hereof. All of the
            shares of capital stock and equity interests so owned by the Company
            and the Other Subsidiary Shareholders are (i) duly authorized,
            validly issued, fully paid and non assessable and issued in
            compliance with all Laws and (ii) free and clear of all Liens. There
            are no options, warrants, convertible bonds, subscription rights or
            other rights of third parties, including former shareholders,
            agreements or commitments of any kind obligating the Company or
            Subsidiary to issue or sell any new shares or any class of any
            shares convertible into or exchangeable for any of the shares, or to
            repurchase or redeem any of the shares and no authorization
            therefore has been given.

      (d)   Authorizations and Permits. The Companies have obtained all
            necessary licenses, permits and authorizations, including licenses,
            permits and authorizations of governmental authorities, to conduct
            any material part of their business operations as presently being
            conducted and they are in compliance with the terms thereof in all
            material respects. All such licenses, permits and authorizations are
            fully valid, in effect and fully paid. Schedule 3(d) lists all such
            licenses, permits and authorizations obtained by the Company or
            Subsidiary, including without limitation the license to operate in
            the free trade zone in Izmir, Turkey and thereby obtain the benefits
            under Turkish Law 3218.


                                 Page 22 of 41
<PAGE>


      (e)   Affiliates. The Company's only Affiliate is the Subsidiary and such
            Affiliate is in good standing. The Company does not own any equity
            security or have any investment in loans or advances to, or other
            interests in, directly or indirectly, any joint venture,
            partnership, firm, corporation, consortium or other Person,
            including rights or obligations to acquire any such interest.

      (f)   Records and Financial Statements. The Companies have kept and keep
            their Records and accounts (including those kept for Tax purposes)
            in sufficient detail to reflect fairly and correctly the
            transactions and dispositions of their assets and liabilities.

            The Overhead Expenses, whether reflected or not in the Records, will
            not exceed 9.35 million Euros for the year ended December 31, 2002.

            Such Records and accounts are in full compliance with all applicable
            laws. The minute books of the Companies contain complete and
            accurate records of all of the shareholders', directors' and
            statutory auditors' meetings and of all corporate action taken by
            said shareholders and directors which are required under any
            applicable law to be reflected in minutes of the shareholders' or
            directors' meetings. The meetings of shareholders and directors
            referred to in such minutes were duly held and the resolutions
            appearing in such books were duly adopted. The signatures appearing
            on all documents contained in such minute books are the true
            signatures of the persons purporting to have signed the same. The
            shareholders' books have been duly and correctly updated. The
            statutory auditors' books have been duly and correctly updated.

            The Financial Statements and the De-merger Balance Sheet, attached
            to the Agreement as Schedule 3(f) are true and correct and present
            fairly the financial position of the Companies and the results of
            their operations at the dates and for the periods covered thereby.
            The Financial Statements and De-merger Balance Sheet were prepared
            in accordance with all applicable laws and the Accounting Principles
            applied on a consistent basis throughout the periods involved
            (except as may be indicated in any notes thereto). As of the dates
            of the Financial Statements and the De-merger Balance Sheet (a) the
            Companies have no material liabilities or debts of any nature known
            or unknown, contingent or otherwise, which were not reflected in the
            Financial Statements and the De-merger Balance Sheet (as the case
            may be), (b) all allowances and reserves indicated in the Financial
            Statements and the De-merger Balance Sheet (as the case may be) are
            adequate and in accordance with the Accounting Principles, and (c)
            there are no contingent losses of any nature which are not
            assessable on the basis of the Companies' statements and documents,
            in accordance with the Accounting Principles. The Financial
            Statements have been duly approved by the shareholders at a legal
            meeting and have been filed in compliance with applicable laws.

            Since the dates of the Financial Statements and the De-merger
            Balance Sheet (as the case may be) up through the Closing Date the
            business of the Companies has been managed in the ordinary course
            consistent with past practices and no event has ever occurred or is
            reasonably expected to occur that might impact in


                                 Page 23 of 41
<PAGE>


            any material adverse way on the condition (financial or otherwise),
            business, operations, liquidity, property, assets, liabilities or
            obligations of the Companies as indicated in the Financial
            Statements, the De-merger Balance Sheet and/or to be inferred from
            the statements and documents of the Companies, except for the
            transfer to the Company after the De-merger of the Employees listed
            in Schedule 3(w) and except for the transactions contemplated in
            this Agreement.

      (g)   Inventory. The Inventory of the Companies which is reflected on the
            Financial Statements and the De-merger Balance Sheet, as the case
            may be, (as well as Inventory which has been purchased from January
            1, 2002 to the Closing Date, including any Inventory related to the
            Eldor Slovakia Business) are valued according to the Calculation
            Method. The Inventory consists of parts which are good, saleable and
            useable in the ordinary course and which comply with their written
            specifications. The Inventory of the Companies and Eldor Slovakia on
            hand at Closing is sufficient to operate the Consumer Business in
            the ordinary course consistent with past practices.

      (h)   Dividends. The Companies are not committed to pay to any Person any
            part of their own profits (whether in the form of dividend or
            account on dividend, director's fees, profit sharing for promoters,
            broker's fees or under any other profit sharing or incentive plan or
            similar) or to return any part of their capital and they have not
            paid any apart from the dividends, if any, distributed as a
            consequence of the approval of the Financial Statements as of and
            for the period ending December 31, 2001 and the Company's financial
            statements as of and for the period ending December 31, 2002.

      (i)   Account Receivables. All account receivables related to the Consumer
            Business reflected in the Financial Statements and the De-merger
            Balance Sheet (as well as all accounts receivables which have arisen
            or will arise from January 1, 2002 through the Closing Date)
            represent sales effectively made or services effectively rendered,
            are collectible in the ordinary course consistent with past
            practices, at their full stated amount, (and are not subject to any
            refunds or other adjustments or to any defence, right of set-off,
            assignment, restriction, encumbrance or condition enforceable by a
            third party or counterclaim), less the applicable reserves for
            doubtful accounts receivable within 60 days after the date at which
            each receivable becomes payable. For purposes of the preceding
            sentence a "receivable becomes payable" on the due date for payment
            of invoices as provided in a written agreement between the customer
            and the Companies or, if no such written agreement exists, the date
            shown on the invoice as the date in which payment is due, all of
            which is set forth by customer on Schedule 3(i) hereto. There are no
            facts and circumstances which may result in any material increase in
            the uncollectability of such receivables in excess of such reserves.
            Eldor Slovakia has no accounts receivable related to the Consumer
            Business.

            With the exception of what is provided for in the Toll Production
            Agreement, Seller will cause inter-company accounts receivables
            (i.e. account receivables from Persons belonging to the Eldor Group)
            to be paid in full before the Closing Date, through set off or
            actual cash payment, at the Seller's option. Purchaser


                                 Page 24 of 41
<PAGE>


            acknowledges and agree that the inter-company receivable between the
            Company and the Izmir branch of the Subsidiary will be converted
            into equity for the amount and with the procedures already
            established by the Companies' corporate bodies .

            The accounts receivable of the Consumer Business collected since
            January 1, 2002 were collected in the ordinary course and no
            extraordinary measures were taken to accelerate their collection.

            Since January 1, 2002, the Companies have not (i) granted their
            respective debtors any extension or change of the payment's term of
            the accounts receivables as resulting from the relevant agreement,
            or (ii) changed any other term with any customer or third party or
            granted, paid or agreed to pay or grant any incentive, kickback,
            discount, rebate or other promotion to any third party for the
            purpose of causing or which was likely to cause any customer or
            third party to accelerate its purchases of products and/or services
            from any of the Companies or was in any way not in the ordinary
            course of business consistent with past practices or (ii) make or
            agreed to make any bribe, kickback or other payment of any kind or
            enter into any transaction that is in violation of any laws
            applicable to any of the Companies.

      (j)   Accounts Payable. All accounts payable related to the Consumer
            Business as reflected in the Financial Statements or arising
            thereafter through the Closing Date (i) arose in the ordinary course
            of business and reflect the actual purchases of goods or services in
            arm's length transactions with independent third parties, except as
            otherwise set forth on Schedule 3 (j) (which sets forth the
            aggregate amount paid to the related party in 2002 and the fair
            value of the goods or services received by the Companies); (ii) are
            payable in accordance with their stated terms and were paid in
            accordance with past practices in the ordinary course of business.

      (k)   Real Property / Leases. The Companies own the Real Property listed
            in Schedule 3(k) The Companies have good title to such Real
            Property, which is free and clear from any Lien, including
            restrictions on transfer to anyone at any time. The Real Property
            has been constructed in accordance with all applicable building and
            cadastral regulations. The architectural drawings and specifications
            related to the premises owned by the Companies in Izmir have been
            delivered to the Purchaser.

            Schedule 3(k) sets forth a true and complete list of each lease of
            premises executed by or binding upon any of the Companies as lessee,
            sub-lessee, tenant or assignee in addition to the Sublease (the
            "Leased Premises") setting forth in each case a brief description of
            the premises covered thereby, the rental payable thereunder and the
            term (including any extensions available) thereunder. Each such
            lease is in full force and effect on the date hereof without any
            default or breach thereof by any of the Companies or any other party
            thereto and constitutes a valid and binding obligation on the part
            of the Companies and all other parties thereto, enforceable in
            accordance with its terms.


                                 Page 25 of 41
<PAGE>


            Neither the Company nor the Subsidiary or the Seller have received
            any notice of or writing referring to any requirements or
            recommendations by any insurance company which has issued a policy
            covering any part of any Leased Premises or Real Property or by any
            board of fire underwriters or earthquake specialists or other body
            exercising similar functions, requiring or recommending any repairs
            or work to be done on any part of any Leased Premises or Real
            Property. Each of the Companies enjoy peaceful and undisturbed
            possession of the Leased Premises. There is no outstanding and
            unobserved or unperformed material obligation with respect to the
            Leased Premises necessary to comply with the requirements of any
            Governmental Entity. The transactions contemplated by the Agreement
            will not result in the termination of any Lease on Real Property
            entered into by the Companies and, immediately after the Closing
            Date, all Leases will continue in full force and effect in
            accordance with the law and the terms and provisions of the
            respective lease agreements. None of the Companies has received
            notice of and, to the Seller's Best Knowledge, no portion of the
            Real Property or Leased Premises is subject to, any pending
            condemnation proceeding by any public or quasi-public authority and,
            there is no threatened condemnation proceeding with respect thereto.
            Each of the properties constituting the Real Property and Leased
            Premises is supplied with utilities and other services necessary for
            the operation of the facilities located thereon as presently
            conducted. Except as set forth on Schedule 3(k), none of the
            Companies has sublet, underlet or assigned any portion of the Real
            Property or Leased Premises and no third party is in possession of
            any portion of the Real Property or Leased Premises. The structures,
            improvements and fixtures at or upon the Real Property and Leased
            Premises, including, but not limited to, roofs and structural
            elements thereof and the electrical, plumbing, heating, ventilation,
            air conditioning and similar units and systems, have to date been
            maintained in a reasonable manner for the conduct of the Business
            and are in reasonable operating condition to allow the Business to
            continue to be conducted as heretofore conducted, subject to the
            provision of usual and customary maintenance and repair performed in
            the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice.

            None of the Companies has received written notice of any
            assessments, and has any knowledge of any pending assessments,
            affecting the Leased Premises or Real Property. Except as set forth
            on the Schedule 3(k) hereto, the use of the Leased Premises and Real
            Property conforms in all material respects with all covenants and
            restrictions and all applicable building, zoning, environmental,
            land use and other Laws and no failure of the Leased Premises or
            Real Property or their use to so conform will have a Material
            Adverse Change on any of the Companies.

      (l)   Assets and Contracts. The Companies have good title to all Assets
            related to the Consumer Business whether or not reflected in the
            Financial Statements and the De-merger Balance Sheet (as the case
            may be) and such Assets are all that are necessary for the conduct
            of the Company's business in the ordinary course as conducted in
            2002 free and clear of any Lien.

            All Equipment of the Companies, including the Equipment of Eldor
            Slovakia


                                 Page 26 of 41
<PAGE>


            Business is in good repair and working condition (normal wear and
            tear excepted), is under standard suppliers recommended maintenance
            programs and is fit to work for their current use. Seller has
            delivered to Purchaser the Equipment Designs. The Equipment Designs
            constitute all of the documents necessary to build, rebuild or
            service the Equipment. All the Assets comprised in the Consumer
            Business formerly used to conduct the business of Eldor Slovakia
            have been or will be transferred to the Companies in accordance with
            the Toll Production Agreement.

            Eldor Slovakia is not a party to any Contract relating to the
            Consumer Business other than Contracts with the Company. Schedule 3
            (l) lists each Contract to which the Company or the Subsidiary is a
            party or to which the Company, the Subsidiary, or any of their
            respective properties is subject or by which any thereof is bound,
            that is deemed a Material Contract (as defined in the next
            succeeding sentence). Each such Contract was entered into in the
            ordinary course of business. A Material Contract for the purposes of
            this subsection is each contract that (A) obligates the Company or
            the Subsidiary to pay more than 35,000 Euros in any 12 month period,
            (B) is not cancellable without penalty or liability within sixty
            (60) days, (C) contains a covenant not to compete, (D) provides for
            the extension of credit other than in the ordinary course of
            business and other than consistent with normal credit terms for
            companies carrying out businesses comparable to the Consumer
            Business, (E) limits the ability of the Company or the Subsidiary to
            conduct its business, including as to manner or place, (F) provides
            for a guaranty or indemnity by the Company or the Subsidiary except
            for any product warranty in the ordinary course of business, (G)
            grants a power of attorney, agency or similar authority to another
            person or entity except for those contracts granting powers of
            attorney to the Person listed in Schedule 3(l), (H) contains an
            option or a right of first refusal, (I) contains a right or
            obligation of or to any Affiliate, officer or director, or of the
            Company or the Subsidiary, including, without limitation,
            agreements, commitments or arrangements pursuant to which any
            amounts may become payable by the Company or the Subsidiary (whether
            currently or in the future) to current or former officers, directors
            or employees of the Company or other Persons as a result of the
            change of control of the Company as contemplated by this Agreement,
            (J) constitutes a union or collective bargaining agreement or
            provides for severance benefits to any officer, director or employee
            of the Company or the Subsidiary other than those severance benefits
            provided under any national collective bargaining agreement or law
            and rules applicable to the Company or the Subsidiary and their
            respective employees, (K) relates to product sale and distribution
            (such as a frame or similar Contract or distribution agreement), (L)
            involves joint marketing or product development, (M) relates to
            manufacturing, evaluation or testing or regulatory compliance by
            other parties with respect to products of the Company or its
            Subsidiaries, (N) is a joint venture or partnership agreement or
            arrangement, (O) is a consignment or similar agreement relating to
            inventory or equipment, or (Q) was not made in the ordinary course
            of business and consistent with the Company's past custom and
            practices, as reasonably determined by Seller.

            True, correct and complete copies of the Material Contracts
            appearing on


                                 Page 27 of 41
<PAGE>


            Schedule 3(l), including all amendments and supplements, have been
            delivered or made available to Purchaser. Schedule 3(l) designates
            each Contract for which a Consent is required to execute this
            Agreement or consummate the transaction contemplated by this
            Agreement. All required Consents have been obtained.

            Each Contract is valid and in full force and effect; the Company or
            the Subsidiary and each other party to the Contract have duly
            performed all its obligations thereunder to the extent that such
            obligations to perform have accrued; and no breach or default,
            alleged breach or default, or event which would (with the passage of
            time, notice or both) constitute a breach or default thereunder by
            the Company or any Subsidiary, as the case may be (or, to the
            knowledge of the Seller, any other party or obligor with respect
            thereto), has occurred or as a result of this Agreement or its
            performance will occur. The consummation of the transactions
            contemplated by this Agreement will not (and will not give any
            person a right to) terminate or modify any rights of, or accelerate
            or augment any obligation of the Company or any Subsidiary under,
            any of the Contracts or Material Contracts so listed except for
            those listed in Schedule3(l).

            None of the Contracts entered into by the Companies violate
            antitrust provisions or are instruments for unlawful competition.

      (m)   Intellectual Property. Schedule 3(m) sets forth a complete and
            correct list as of the Closing Date of all Intellectual Property and
            proprietary rights owned by, licensed to, or otherwise used by the
            Companies and material to the conduct of each of their respective
            business as currently conducted. Schedule 3(m) further sets forth a
            description of whether such Intellectual Property is owned
            (exclusively or jointly) or licensed by / to the Companies, and
            lists such ownership/licensing by Company. Except as set forth on
            the Schedule 3(m) hereto (i) to the Best Knowledge of the Seller,
            neither the Company nor the Subsidiary, nor Eldor nor Eldor Slovakia
            (to the extent that such infringement has a negative impact on the
            Companies) infringes or otherwise violates the Intellectual Property
            or proprietary rights of any third party; (ii) no claim has been
            asserted or threatened in writing by any person with respect to the
            ownership, validity, license or use of, or any infringement
            resulting from, any of the Intellectual Property or proprietary
            rights used by the Company or the Subsidiary or the production,
            provision or sale of any services or products by the Company or the
            Subsidiary and, to the Best Knowledge of the Seller there is no
            basis for any such claims; (iii) each of the Companies has the right
            to produce, provide and sell the services and products produced,
            provided and sold by it and to conduct the business as heretofore
            conducted, and the consummation of the transactions contemplated
            hereby will not terminate, alter or impair any such rights; and (iv)
            neither the Seller, Eldor or any of their Affiliates, nor any
            officer, director or employee of the Company or the Subsidiary own
            or have any interest in any Intellectual Property or proprietary
            rights used by the Company or the Subsidiary in connection with the
            business.

            All Intellectual Property licensed or jointly owned by third parties
            is being


                                 Page 28 of 41
<PAGE>


            utilized by the Companies in full compliance with any license,
            distribution, commercialization or development agreements. All the
            Intellectual Property listed in Schedule3(m) is being validly used
            by the Companies and to the Best Knowledge of the Seller, the
            Companies have complied with all obligations relating to its
            registration and they do not breach or infringe any third parties'
            rights except as indicated in Schedule 3(m). To the Best Knowledge
            of the Seller, there is no reason to believe that the use of the
            Intellectual Property after the Closing will give rise to claims of
            third parties.

            Seller is not aware of any illegal, unauthorized or unwanted
            disclosures relating to any trade secret or confidential information
            relating to Intellectual Property.

      (n)   Taxes. Except as provided on Schedule 3(n):

            i.    The Companies have filed all Tax Returns required to be filed
                  and has filed then when due. All Tax Returns filed under
                  applicable laws and regulations by or on behalf of the
                  Companies were in all material respects true, complete and
                  correct. The Companies have paid all Taxes due within the time
                  and in the manner prescribed by law, whether or not shown on
                  such returns.

            ii.   The Companies have each complied in all material respects with
                  all applicable laws, rules and regulations relating to the
                  payment and withholding of Taxes or similar provisions under
                  any applicable laws (foreign or domestic) and have, within the
                  time and in the manner prescribed by law, withheld from
                  employee wages and paid over to the proper governmental
                  authorities all amounts required to be so withheld and paid
                  over under all applicable laws.

            iii.  None of the Companies has any liability for unpaid Taxes,
                  whether asserted or unasserted, contingent or otherwise,
                  except for Taxes which will be payable in the future for 2002
                  which shall not exceed 350,000 Euros in the aggregate.

            iv.   There are no Tax grouping arrangements in place in respect of
                  any of the Companies nor have any been in place during the six
                  years prior to the Closing Date. There is no dispute or
                  disagreement outstanding nor at the date of the Agreement does
                  any of the Companies contemplate commencing any dispute or
                  disagreement with any revenue authority regarding a liability
                  or potential liability to any Tax (including in penalties or
                  interest) or recovery from any of the Companies or regarding
                  the availability of any relief from Tax and there are no
                  circumstances which make it likely that any such dispute or
                  disagreement will commence.

            v.    No assessments or written notices of deficiency have been
                  received by the Companies (nor to their knowledge are any
                  threatened) with respect to any Tax Returns which the
                  Companies have filed with respect to taxable periods ended on
                  or before the Closing Date.


                                 Page 29 of 41
<PAGE>


            vi.   There are no liens for Taxes (other than for current Taxes not
                  yet due and payable) upon the Assets of the Companies.

            vii.  No audit or other examination of any Tax Return of the
                  Companies is presently in progress, nor has the Companies been
                  notified in writing of, nor has there been, any request for
                  such an audit or other examination with respect to any taxable
                  period of the Companies ending on or prior to the Closing
                  Date.

            viii. The Companies have not executed any waiver of any statute of
                  limitations on or extended the period for the assessment or
                  collection of any Tax. None of the Companies is a party to any
                  Tax Sharing Agreement or arrangement, written or oral.

            ix.   There are no rulings, requests for rulings or closing
                  agreements with any taxing authority which could affect the
                  Taxes of the Companies for any period after the Closing Date.

            x.    The Companies are resident in the respective jurisdictions in
                  which they have their registered offices and none of the
                  Companies has a permanent establishment or branch as defined
                  by Tax regulations outside of its jurisdiction of residence,
                  except for the branch of the Subsidiary located in the free
                  tax zone of Izmir.

            xi.   Any Extraordinary Transaction undertaken by the Companies has
                  been correctly accounted for and Tax duly and timely paid in
                  accordance with applicable laws and regulations.

            xii.  All transactions to which any or all of the Companies are
                  parties consummated in the period up to the Closing Date have
                  been conducted on the basis of arm's length terms, as defined
                  by, and in compliance with applicable laws and regulations.

            xiii. None of the Companies has any liability to Tax in respect of
                  any income, profits or gains which it has been deemed for the
                  purposes of any Tax legislation to have earned, accrued or
                  received but which it has not actually earned, accrued or
                  received or which can be imputed pursuant to controlled
                  foreign company or similar legislation of any jurisdiction.

            xiv.  Each of the Companies are entitled to benefit from the
                  exemptions of tax listed in Schedule 3(n) (which schedule
                  shall include details of Turkish exemption and eligibility).
                  All clearances, consents and permits relating to Tax obtained
                  by Seller, Eldor or any of the Companies have been properly
                  obtained and all information supplied to the appropriate Tax
                  authority in connection with such clearance, license consent
                  and permit was complete and accurate in all material respects;
                  and any transaction for which such clearance, license, permit
                  or consent was obtained has been carried out only in
                  accordance with the terms thereof and the


                                 Page 30 of 41
<PAGE>


                  application on which the clearance, license, permit or consent
                  was based.

            xv.   The Companies have timely made all claims necessary to obtain
                  relief from double Tax under any relevant bilateral convention
                  relating to double taxation in respect of income, profits or
                  gains or payments accrued in their accounts or earned,
                  received or made prior to the Date of Closing.

            xvi.  The values of the assets and liabilities shown in the
                  Financial Statements and De-merger Balance Sheet represents
                  the values for tax purposes;

            xvii. Any Extraordinary Transaction to which any of the Seller,
                  Eldor and the Companies has been party has been undertaken for
                  good and valid business purposes, has not and will not give
                  rise to any liability, contingent or otherwise, including but
                  not limited to Tax liabilities or liabilities towards
                  Employees, to be borne by the Company or the Subsidiary.

            The Assets listed in the De-merger Balance Sheet, and in any event
            all Assets transferred by Eldor to the Company as a result of any
            Extraordinary Transaction, comprise all the Assets necessary to
            conduct the Consumer Business as presently conducted. All tax
            credits and other tax attributes have been allocated to the Company
            in accordance with all applicable tax regulations and consistent
            with the allocation of assets and liabilities on the Company's De
            merger balance sheet.

      (o)   Employees, Consultants and Agents. The names of the Employees of the
            Companies are set forth on Schedule 3(o), together with all the
            relevant information (including terms of employment, category of the
            Employee, qualification, seniority within the Companies and eventual
            benefits granted). These employees are all those who are needed to
            conduct the Consumer Business.

            All employment relationships of the Companies, whether concerning
            former or present Employees of the Companies, are governed by the
            applicable national collective bargaining agreements and the
            Employees have not been granted economic conditions or indemnities
            which are lower than the applicable national collective bargaining
            agreements or than the law. All agreements with temporary workers
            entered into by the Companies in the past have been converted into
            indefinite term agreements or have expired. All existing agreements
            with temporary workers have been entered into in compliance with
            law. No special treatment of any kind has been granted in the past
            by the Companies to any of their former or present Employees nor
            have they executed specific and special agreements with any former
            or present Employee (including Contratti Aziendali). No employees or
            agents working for any of the Companies receive compensation
            proportional to profits or turnover except for those compensation
            provided by any applicable law. No written or oral commitment or
            undertaking has been made to employees of any of the Companies with


                                 Page 31 of 41
<PAGE>


            respect to any future increase of salaries, compensation, or other
            benefits other than those deriving by any applicable national
            collective bargaining agreements and/or by law. No group dismissals
            or resignations are currently in progress among the employees. No
            stock option plan or special compensation or severance pay
            arrangement that would be effective upon the change of control of
            the Company has been concluded with or promised to any employees or
            directors of any of the Companies.

            The Companies are in compliance with all obligations deriving from
            such employment relationships, whether relating to the compensation
            or to the aspects of employment (including, but not limited to,
            severance indemnity, paid holidays and social security, duties
            relating to hiring disabled workers, secondments, etc.). In
            particular, the Companies have complied with all the training
            obligations related to the apprenticeship agreements they have
            entered into. Moreover, no former or existing Employee of the
            Companies has any right or claim towards the Companies concerning
            the termination, conclusion or any other aspect of his employment
            relationship, including but not limited to paid vacations, charges,
            qualification and injuries, with the Companies, apart from the
            claims listed in Schedule 3(p) (Litigation) and except for any right
            accrued as of the Closing Date and resulting from any Companies'
            Records.

            There have been no disputes between the Companies and the Trade
            Unions within the past three years. The Companies have not entered
            into nor have made any application in respect to any lay-off
            procedure such as "cassa integrazione" or "mobilita" or similar
            procedures concerning the Employees.

            All consulting or service agreements entered into by the Companies
            with individuals and/or other entities are valid, not voidable and
            binding agreements for the services provided for therein. Neither
            the Companies nor the counterpart has defaulted under the above
            agreements or has grounds for claiming the other party's default.
            The Companies have fully complied with the agreements entered into
            with consultants or service providers, including but not limited to
            the payment of contractual considerations and Taxes. No consulting
            or service agreements entered into by the Companies may be deemed as
            employment or agency contracts.

            The Companies have fully complied with the agreements entered into
            with the agents comprised in their sales force, including but not
            limited to the payment of commissions and Taxes. Such agreements are
            fully valid and binding and not voidable in any way. No agreements
            entered into with the agents comprised in their sales force may be
            deemed as employment contracts.

            All salaries, bonuses and/or other payments to employees of the
            Companies are accurately reflected on the books and Records of the
            Companies and no payments for service to or on behalf of any of the
            Companies was made to any employee of the Companies by any third
            party.

      (p)   Litigation, disputes and arbitration. The Companies are parties to
            the pending


                                 Page 32 of 41
<PAGE>


            litigation indicated in Schedule 3(p) There is no other litigation
            pending nor is there any litigation threatened in writing, whether
            before national or foreign court, by or against the Companies,
            including but not limited to, (a) claims by any third parties which
            could adversely affect the rights of the Companies to use any
            Intellectual Property, (b) judicial or administrative proceedings
            having as an object the ascertainment or the enforcement of
            liabilities of the Companies for Tax, (c) judicial or administrative
            proceedings concerning environmental aspects, or (d) Material
            Contracts. Except otherwise set forth in Schedule 3(p), there are no
            outstanding disputes with customers, vendors, employees, tax
            authorities, municipal authorities or others which if not resolved
            in favour of the other party, could result in future litigation.

      (q)   Compliance with Law. The Companies are not in violation of, and no
            authority has asserted such a violation against either of the
            Companies, any applicable laws and regulations, including but not
            limited to Law no. 675 of December 31, 1996 on data protection and
            consequent regulations, Decree no. 518 of December 29, 1992 on
            software protection, laws and regulations concerning safety at the
            workplace (including Legislative Decree no. 626 of 1994) and
            applicable pollution and environmental laws and regulations in
            general relating to emissions, discharges and releases in the
            environment of pollutants, contaminants, chemicals or industrial,
            toxic or hazardous substances or wastes or otherwise relating to the
            manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage,
            disposal, transport or handling of pollutants, contaminants,
            chemicals or industrial, toxic or hazardous substances or wastes.

            To the Best Knowledge of Seller no laws have been enacted that set
            new disciplines or standards, in any way applicable to Companies,
            that would determine a Material Adverse Change.

            The Companies are not obliged by applicable laws or regulations to
            make substantial investments or repairs of any of their Assets that
            could have a Material Adverse Change on the Companies.

      (r)   Relationships with Interested Parties and Inter-company
            Transactions. No current or former shareholder (whether direct or
            indirect) or Affiliate of the Companies, or, to the Best Knowledge
            of Seller, officer or director of same, transacts any business,
            either directly or indirectly, with the Companies nor owns or has
            any interest, except as indicated in Schedule 3(r), directly or
            indirectly, in whole or in part, in any Assets used by the
            Companies. Transactions among and between the Companies have always
            been entered into on an arm's length basis and on terms no less
            favourable than could have been obtained from an unaffiliated third
            party.

            Moreover, no current or former shareholder (whether direct or
            indirect) or Affiliate of the Companies or, to the Best Knowledge of
            Seller, officer, director, Employee of the same has any interest of
            whatsoever nature in any competitor, supplier or customer of the
            Companies with respect to the Consumer Business.

            All transactions to which any or all of the Companies are parties
            consummated


                                 Page 33 of 41
<PAGE>


            in the period up to the Closing Date have been conducted on the
            basis of arm's length terms and in compliance with applicable laws
            and regulations.

      (s)   Product liability and insurance. There are no liabilities, actual or
            contingent, of any type and amount, with respect to any products
            manufactured, sold, distributed or otherwise traded by the
            Companies, Eldor and/or Eldor Slovakia and all such products conform
            to their specifications and were manufactured in accordance with
            their designs and drawings and are saleable in the ordinary course
            of business and contain no manufacturing or design defects.

            Schedule 3(s) lists all insurance policies presently carried by the
            Companies or currently in force with respect to its business and
            properties (showing as to each policy or binder the carrier, policy
            number, coverage limits, expiration dates, annual premiums and a
            general description of the type of coverage provided). The existing
            insurance is and will continue to be, in respect of the nature of
            the risks insured against and the amount of coverage provided, in
            full force and effect up to the Closing Date and until its natural
            renewal/expiry date. All insurance policies are issued by insurers
            of recognized responsibility and are fully paid as to all premiums
            as of the Closing Date.

            The Companies have not failed to give any notice or file any claim
            under such insurance policies in a timely fashion, such that all
            claims will be paid by the insurer, nor has it received any
            notification of cancellation of any such policies or that any of
            them will not be renewed. There is no claim, demand or offset, or
            any state of facts or occurrence of events which might form the
            basis of any claim, demand or offset, which may increase the
            premiums or impair the full value of said insurance policies or
            result in non-payment of an insurance claim.

      (t)   Bank Accounts, Loans, Credit Facilities. Schedule 3(t) indicates the
            name and locations of all banks in which the Companies have an
            account or safe deposit, and lists such accounts or boxes together
            with the authorized proxies thereto.

            Except for the Funded Debt listed on Schedule 3(t) the Companies are
            not a party to any loan agreements, overdrafts, factoring, leasing
            or similar short term or long term borrowing facilities or other
            credit facilities. The Company shall have no Funded Debt on the
            Closing Date except as indicated in Schedule 3(t) which shall be
            treated according to Section 3.3.3. hereof.

            The Companies have not made any loan to any third parties except for
            accounts receivable arising from the sale of goods or services to
            unaffiliated third parties in the ordinary course of business.

            Schedule 3(t) lists all the guarantees, comfort letters, letters of
            credit and similar agreements or undertakings issued by the
            Companies and outstanding to third parties. Schedule 3(t) lists all
            the guarantees, comfort letters, letters of credit and similar
            agreements or undertakings issued by any third party for the benefit
            of the Companies and all such undertakings and agreements are in
            full force and effect. There are no other guarantees, comfort
            letters, letters of credit and similar agreements or undertakings
            except for those listed in Schedules 3(t). The consummation of the
            transactions contemplated in this Agreement will not


                                 Page 34 of 41
<PAGE>


            lead to the termination, interruption, suspension or revocation of
            the instruments listed in Schedule 3(t).

            At the Closing, the Companies shall be cash free; provided, however,
            all of the Companies' bank accounts shall remain in existence on the
            Closing Date.

      (u)   Products. The products designed, produced, manufactured, distributed
            or sold by the Companies comply with all Laws, regulations and
            standards applicable to them in the countries where the Companies
            sell or distribute the same. To the Best Knowledge of Seller there
            has been no default or violation of the Companies or Eldor Slovakia
            under the Laws, regulations and standards applicable to them.

      (v)   Information Technology. The Companies' information technology
            together with the information technology being supplied to the
            Companies pursuant to the IT Agreement and Sublease Agreement are
            adequate to conduct the business of the Companies as currently
            conducted and requires no investment in order to allow it to
            continue to operate in such a manner.

      (w)   Extraordinary transactions / Consumer Business. The Employees
            transferred from Eldor to the Company as a result of any
            Extraordinary Transaction, comprise all and only the Employees
            previously substantially dedicated to the Consumer Business of
            Eldor, except for Employees listed in Schedule 3(w) who have been
            transferred to the Company after the De-merger. The Employees
            transferred from Eldor to the Company as a result of any
            Extraordinary Transaction and those listed in Schedule 3(w) comprise
            all and only the Employees previously substantially dedicated to the
            Consumer Business.

      (x)   Loss Contracts. Except as disclosed on Schedule 3(x), to the Best
            Knowledge of Seller, the Company is not a party to any Contract
            pursuant to which it is obliged to furnish the products covered by
            such Contract, taken as a whole, at an actual gross margin loss.

      (y)   No Governmental Approvals Required. Other than as set forth on
            Schedule 3(y) (collectively, the "Company Regulatory Filings"), no
            authorization, consent, approval, order, license or permit from, or
            filing, registration or qualification with, any government or
            governmental agency is required to authorize or permit the execution
            and delivery of this Agreement by the Seller and the consummation by
            the Seller of the transactions contemplated hereby.

      (z)   Disclosure. To the Best Knowledge of Seller, no representation or
            warranty made by Seller, in this Agreement contains or will contain
            an untrue statement of a material fact or omits or will omit a
            material fact necessary to make the statements contained therein, in
            light of the circumstances in which they were or are made, not false
            or misleading.


                                 Page 35 of 41
<PAGE>


                               ANNEX 4 - COVENANTS

                         ARTICLE 1 - SELLER'S COVENANTS


1.1   Tax Matter; Tax Disputes. Seller shall meet all its obligations with
      regard to the payment of any Tax due as a consequence of the sale of the
      Quota and transactions contemplated herein. In the event the Companies are
      required, in connection with Tax disputes, to provide the fiscal
      authorities with any guarantees or security originating from pre-Closing
      circumstances until final settlement of such disputes, Seller hereby
      agrees, at its option, to either directly provide such guarantees and
      security required by the fiscal authorities instead of the Companies
      concerned or to provide the Companies with bank guarantees or other
      security acceptable to the Companies for an equal amount, on the terms and
      conditions designated by the Companies.

      If Seller requests that the Purchaser cause the relevant Company to adhere
      to any available Tax amnesty, Purchaser shall have the option of (i)
      agreeing to cause the relevant Company to participate in the Tax amnesty,
      in which case, Seller shall advance to Purchaser or its designee all funds
      required pursuant to the Tax Amnesty program plus an amount equal to the
      amount of Taxes, if any, which any of the Companies has to pay as a result
      of receiving such funds (collectively, the "Tax Amnesty Amount") prior to
      the Tax amnesty deadline or (ii) refusing Seller's request, in which case
      Purchaser shall only be entitled to make an indemnification claim against
      the Seller for Tax liabilities up to the Tax Amnesty Amount, provided and
      to the extent that participation would have eliminated such Tax
      liabilities.

1.2   Credit Collection. Without prejudice to provisions of Annex 6, following
      the Closing, Seller and Eldor, if requested by Purchaser, will assist the
      Company and Subsidiary which will bear all related cost and expenses, in
      collecting their eventual outstanding account receivables. In the event
      account receivables of either of the Companies are paid to Seller or Eldor
      or any of their Affiliates after the Closing Date, Seller and Eldor will
      hold them in trust for the Companies and will pay them to the Companies
      promptly upon receipt.

1.3   Form 8-K. In the event the Purchaser determines that Technitrol, Inc. is
      required to file a Form 8-K with the U.S. Securities and Exchange
      Commission ("SEC") pursuant to Item 2 of such Form 8-K (the "Form 8-K") as
      a result of the consummation of the transactions contemplated in this
      Agreement (which determination shall be made as soon as practicable after
      Purchaser receives the information reasonably requested by it from Seller
      in order to make such determination), Seller agrees to deliver to the
      Purchaser such consolidated financial statements for the Company, audited
      by Eldor's independent public accountants in accordance with U.S.
      generally accepted auditing standards and prepared in accordance with or
      reconciled to GAAP, as required pursuant to Item 7 of the Form 8-K, in
      sufficient time for the Purchaser to timely file the Form 8-K with the
      SEC. All costs and fees (if any) which may be incurred by the Seller for
      the above purposes will be promptly anticipated and, in any event,
      reimbursed by the Purchaser. In any other event shall be borne directly by
      the Purchaser.


                                 Page 36 of 41
<PAGE>


1.4   Tax Matters. After the Closing Date, the parties will provide and will
      cause their Affiliates to provide the other party with such cooperation
      and information as either of them reasonably may request of the other in
      filing any Tax Return, amended Tax Return, determining a liability for
      Taxes or participating in or conducting any audit or other proceeding in
      respect of Taxes. Without limiting the scope of the foregoing, the parties
      shall each make available to the other, as reasonably requested, all
      information, records or documents in their possession relating to all Tax
      matters and Tax Returns of the Companies for all taxable periods prior to
      or including the Closing Date and shall preserve all such information,
      records and documents until 60 days after the expiration of any applicable
      Tax statute of limitations or extensions thereof.

1.5   Reserved.

1.6   Seller's Mandatory Liquidity. Seller covenants and agrees to maintain (a)
      until the first anniversary of the Closing Date aggregate liquid assets
      (as defined below) of 20 million euros; (b) thereafter and until the
      expiration of eighteenth month after the Closing Date aggregate liquid
      assets (as defined below) of 10 million euros, and (c) thereafter and
      until the third anniversary of the Closing Date aggregate liquid assets
      (as defined below) of 5 million euros. For purposes of this Section, the
      term "liquid assets" means:

      A) As to not less than 80% of the aggregate liquid assets at the end of
      any fiscal quarter:

      1.    cash investments;

      2.    A bond rated A- or better by Standard and Poors or A3 or better by
            Moody's which matures within one year of investment by Seller and
            are sold by 3 or more dealers who are willing to provide price
            quotes (the pricing of the bond on a given date would be determined
            by averaging the quote of 2 or more dealers provided the dealers
            quotes don't vary by more than 5% and if the quotes vary by more
            than 5%, an additional quote must be obtained);

      3.    Investments which are restricted to maturities of one year or less
            and (a) direct obligations of sovereign governments or (b)
            euro-commercial paper or floating rate notes issued by corporations
            rated at least A-1 by Standard & Poor's or P-1 by Moody's or (c)
            euro certificates of deposit or euro time deposits issued by
            commercial banks with short term ratings of at least A-1 by Standard
            & Poor's or P-1 by Moody's or (d) euro money market funds rated AAA
            by Standard & Poor's Aaa by Moody's (The money market funds must
            have daily redemption privileges and must have the stated goal of
            principal protection); and/or

      4.    the ABN AMRO Global Liq Euro - Inst; Goldman Sachs Euro Liq Resv
            Fund; or JPMF Euro Liquidity Fund/Dist;

      B)    As to not more than 20% of the aggregate liquid assets at the end of
            any fiscal quarter, shares of companies listed on a national Stock
            Exchange and for


                                 Page 37 of 41
<PAGE>


            which quotations are available on a daily basis.

      At the end of each fiscal quarter (March 31, June 30, September 30 and
      December 31), during the above periods, the Seller shall execute and
      deliver a certificate to Purchaser certifying that it currently is, and
      has been since the Closing, in compliance with the covenants contained in
      this Section and such certificate shall be accompanied by copies of
      brokerage or similar statements indicating the assets held and the value
      thereof as of the last day of the fiscal quarter to which such certificate
      relates. To the extent any of the covenants in this Section have been
      breached and Purchaser has sought indemnification from Seller pursuant to
      Section 6 of the Agreement, Seller shall also be liable to indemnify
      Purchaser in full for any and all Losses caused by a breach of this
      Section.

      Seller shall and/or shall cause its Affiliates to deliver copies of all
      Equipment Designs to Purchaser or its designee within thirty (30) days of
      the Closing Date. In addition, Seller shall and/or shall cause its
      Affiliates after Closing to, transfer to the Company or its designee any
      additional Equipment Designs that are necessary to build, rebuild or
      service the Equipment to the extent it did not properly transfer title to
      any such Equipment Designs to the Company before Closing and shall
      immediately provide copies of such Equipment Designs to Purchaser or its
      designee upon request by the Purchaser.

1.7   Seller shall or shall cause its Affiliates to sell and transfer the
      Slovakian Assets (as defined in the Toll Production Agreement), in
      accordance with the terms of the Toll Production Agreement.

                        ARTICLE 2 - PURCHASER'S COVENANTS

2.1   Liabilities. Purchaser undertakes to cause the Company or Subsidiary, as
      may be the case, to duly pay, perform and discharge all liabilities they
      are subject to, including the liabilities identified in the De-Merger
      Balance Sheet (unless they are being contested in good faith) and which
      are not liabilities for which they are entitled to indemnification from
      Seller under this Agreement.

                 ARTICLE 3 - PURCHASER'S AND SELLER'S COVENANTS

3.1   Best Efforts and Further Assurances. Each of the parties to this Agreement
      shall use its reasonable best efforts to effectuate the transactions
      contemplated hereby. Each party hereto, at the reasonable request of
      another party hereto, shall execute and deliver such other instruments and
      do and perform such other acts and things as may be necessary or desirable
      for effecting completely the consummation of the transactions contemplated
      hereby.


                                 Page 38 of 41
<PAGE>


                            ANNEX 6 - INDEMNIFICATION

1.1   Notice. If the Indemnified Party intends to seek indemnification under
      Article 6 of the Agreement it will give reasonably prompt written notice
      to the Indemnifying Party of the assertion of any claim, or the
      commencement of any action, suit or proceeding, or the finding out of any
      misrepresentation or breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or
      condition made by the Indemnifying Party in respect of which indemnity may
      be sought, no later than 60 (sixty) Business Days after the Indemnified
      Party actually knows with reasonable particularity, of the existence of
      the event from which may derive the Loss giving rise to such a claim; but
      in any event no later than the time limitations set forth in Article 6.
      Any notice given by the Indemnified Party shall contain brief details of
      the relevant event and an estimate (if possible) of the Loss(es) which may
      derive from such event; it being understood that the Indemnified Party
      will give the Indemnifying Party such information as the Indemnifying
      Party may reasonably request. No failure to give such information will
      relieve the Indemnifying Party of any liability, except to the extent the
      Indemnifying Party has suffered actual prejudice by such failure.

1.2   Indemnification Pursuant to the Commencement of a Legal or Administrative
      Procedure. If the Indemnified Party seeks indemnification as a consequence
      of a legal, arbitral or administrative procedure commenced against it or
      that it intends to commence as a consequence of a breach or
      misrepresentation of any representation, warranty or covenant contained in
      the Agreement, the Indemnified Party will so notify the Indemnifying Party
      within the term stated in section 1.1. of this Annex 6, requesting the
      appointment of a legal counsel amongst a list of three indicated in the
      Indemnified Party's notice; it being understood that the indicated legal
      counsels will be of different law firms. If the Indemnifying Party fails
      to appoint the legal counsel within five days from the receipt of the
      notice or if the Indemnifying Party appoints a legal counsel other than
      one of those indicated in the Indemnified Party's notice, then the
      Indemnified Party will have the right to appoint its own legal counsel
      directly.

      As a consequence of the above, the Indemnifying Party may or may not
      participate in the defense of any such procedure, but, in any case, it
      will bear the costs of such defense, including, but not limited to, the
      reasonable legal expenses of the Indemnified Party.

      The parties will cooperate in the defense or prosecution thereof and will
      furnish such records, information and testimony, and attend at such
      conferences, hearings, trials and appeals as may reasonably be requested
      in connection therewith.

      The Indemnifying Party will be liable for any outcome of the legal,
      arbitral or administrative procedure, including the consequences of any
      settlement previously approved in writing by the Indemnified Party, and
      will hold the Indemnified Party harmless of any damage and expense related
      thereto, provided that the outcome derives from a definitive or not
      appealable or not challengeable judgment, decision, award, decree or
      order. The parties however agree that, should a non definitive or
      appealable or challengeable judgment, decision, award, decree or order,
      including those originating from Tax disputes, require the Companies to
      post a bond, surety or any


                                 Page 39 of 41
<PAGE>


      other kind of collateral guaranty, the Seller will post such bond, surety
      or other kind of collateral guaranty or provide the Companies with cash
      funds for doing so. With respect to any settlements, the Indemnified Party
      will seek the Indemnifying Party's prior consent, which will not be
      unreasonably refused. The Indemnified Party will give notice to the
      Indemnifying Party of the conclusion of the legal or administrative
      procedure requesting the payment of the eventual indemnity, if any.

1.3   Indemnification in any Other Event. Should an indemnity become due under
      Article 6 of the Agreement for any event other than the commencement of a
      legal or administrative procedure, the Indemnified Party will so notify
      the Indemnifying Party, giving written evidence and requesting the
      indemnity to be paid by the Indemnifying Party in accordance with the
      terms and conditions set forth in section1.1 of this Annex 6.

1.4   Payment. The payment of any indemnity due pursuant to Article 6 and this
      Annex 6 will be made within 15 days after any Losses become finally
      assessed pursuant to: (i) an acceptance by the Indemnifying Party; or (ii)
      an agreement between the Parties; or (iii) an arbitration award in
      accordance with Section 8.8 hereof. Should the payment of an indemnity be
      refused by the Indemnifying Party, and such refusal is not upheld in its
      entirety in a subsequent arbitration proceeding according to the terms of
      Section 8.8 of this Agreement, the Indemnified Party will be entitled to
      received interest on the amount of the indemnity as awarded, from the date
      of the request and until the date of effective payment, at the Prime Rate.

      In the event payment is not made within the above term and if the
      Indemnified Party is a Purchaser Indemnified Party, Purchaser will be
      entitled alternatively to cash the Bank Guarantee and/or act in order to
      collect the indemnity.

1.5   Indemnification concerning receivables. Notwithstanding any contrary
      provisions set forth in Article 6 and this Annex 6, the following
      provisions shall apply only in case of any indemnification due with
      respect to any commercial accounts receivables not being collected by the
      Company or the Subsidiary within the terms set forth in Section 1.1(i) of
      Annex 3, provided that the relevant creditor has carried out its
      commercially reasonable best efforts consistent with past practices of
      Eldor Group to collect such receivables provided such creditor shall in no
      event be required to bring a legal action against any such customer or
      third party (hereinafter referred to as the "Non Collected Receivables"):

      (i)   on a monthly basis, Purchaser or its designee communicate to Seller
            in writing the list of the Non Collected Receivables during the
            month preceding such notice, the known or presumed reason for non
            payment and the actions taken by the relevant creditor (hereinafter
            referred to as the "Report");

      (ii)  within 90 days after the submission of each Report to Seller, the
            Purchaser or its designee will deliver a written notice to Seller
            identifying which of the Non-Collected Receivables identified in
            such Report that Seller is required to purchase without recourse
            ("pro-soluto") for an amount equal to the face value thereof (the
            "Purchase Notice");


                                 Page 40 of 41
<PAGE>


      (iii) Seller or its designee shall within and not later than ten (10) days
            after the receipt of each Purchase Report, purchase without recourse
            ("pro-soluto") the Non Collected Receivables identified in the
            Purchase Notice for an amount equal to the face value thereof;

      (iv)  unless otherwise requested by the Seller, the assignment to the
            Seller (or its Affiliate) of the Non Collected Receivables shall not
            be notified to the debtor and the relevant creditor shall continue
            in its efforts to collect the Non Collected Receivables; it being
            understood that if any Non Collected Receivable is collected by the
            relevant creditor (i.e. the Company or the Subsidiary) at any time
            after assignment to the Seller (or any its Affiliate), the amount so
            collected shall immediately be credited to the Seller or the
            Affiliate which will have purchased the Non Collected Receivables at
            the same value as of the date of actual payment by the relevant
            debtor; and

      (v)   For the purposes of this Section 1.5, it is agreed upon by the
            Parties that the Non Collected Receivables shall not include any
            receivable not collected in accordance within the term set forth in
            section 1.1(i) of Annex 6 by reason of any proceedings started by
            the relevant debtor against the Company or the Subsidiary owing such
            receivable to the extent such proceeding by the debtor relates to
            products manufactured by the Companies after the Closing.

1.6   Mitigation. The Indemnified Party shall comply with Article 1227 of the
      Italian Civil Code.


                                 Page 41 of 41


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
