<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>ex10-9.txt
<DESCRIPTION>SERP
<TEXT>




















                                TEREX CORPORATION

                     SUPPLEMENTAL EXECUTIVE RETIREMENT PLAN











<PAGE>

                                TEREX CORPORATION

                     SUPPLEMENTAL EXECUTIVE RETIREMENT PLAN

     The purpose of this  Supplemental  Executive  Retirement Plan (the "Plan"),
effective as of October 1, 2002 (the "Effective  Date"), is to provide a further
means whereby Terex Corporation (the "Company") may afford financial security to
a select group of executives of the Company who render valuable  services to the
Company. The Plan constitutes an important  contribution toward such executives'
continued growth and success by providing for additional future  compensation so
that such executives may be retained and their  productive  efforts  encouraged,
all as provided  herein.  The Plan is intended to be an unfunded plan maintained
for a "select group of management or highly compensated employees" as defined in
Sections 201(2), 301(a)(3),  401(a)(1) and 4021(b)(6) of the Employee Retirement
Income Security Act of 1974, as amended.


                                        I

                                   DEFINITIONS
                                   -----------

     1. As used in the Plan,  terms defined  parenthetically  immediately  after
their use shall have the respective  meanings provided by such definitions,  and
the  following  words and phrases  shall have the meanings  specified  below (in
either  case,  such terms shall apply  equally to both the  singular  and plural
forms of the terms defined),  unless a different  meaning is plainly required by
the context:

     Actuarial Equivalent.  "Actuarial Equivalent" means a benefit of equivalent
value to a benefit or benefits payable to a Participant hereunder, calculated in
accordance  with (a) the  "applicable  mortality  table",  as defined in Section
417(e)(3) of the Internal  Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code") and (b)
an  interest  rate of 8%  compounded  annually,  provided  that for  purposes of
Section 3.3(b) the interest rate shall be the applicable  federal  mid-term rate
under Section 1274(d) of the Code on the Benefit Commencement Date.

     Beneficiary. "Beneficiary" shall mean the person or persons designated by a
Participant  pursuant  to  Section  8.1 to  receive  the  benefits  to  which  a
Participant is entitled upon the death of the  Participant or, upon the death of
such designated person or persons, the estate of a Participant.

     Benefit  Commencement  Date.  "Benefit  Commencement Date" means the date a
Participant  receives or first begins to receive  payment of benefits  under the
Plan, as applicable.

<PAGE>

     Board. "Board" means the Board of Directors of the Company.

     Cause.  "Cause" shall have the  definition  set forth in the  Participant's
employment  agreement  with the  Company,  or,  absent an  employment  agreement
defining Cause,  Cause shall mean the  Participant's (i) continuing and material
failure to fulfill his or her employment  obligations  or willful  misconduct or
gross neglect in the  performance of his or her duties as an officer or employee
of the Company,  (ii) commission of fraud,  misappropriation  or embezzlement in
the performance of his or her duties as an officer or employee of the Company or
(iii)  conviction of a felony,  which, as determined in good faith by the Board,
constitutes a crime that may result in material harm to the Company.

     Change of Control.  "Change of Control"  means (i) the  consummation  of an
acquisition  by any person (as such term is defined in Section 13(d) or 14(d) of
the  Securities  Exchange Act of 1934,  as amended) of 40 percent or more of the
combined  voting power of the  Company's  then  outstanding  securities;  (ii) a
change in the  composition  of the  Board  occurring  within a rolling  two-year
period,  as a  result  of which  fewer  than a  majority  of the  directors  are
Incumbent Directors  ("Incumbent  Directors" shall mean directors who either (x)
are  members  of the  Board  as of the  Effective  Date or (y) are  elected,  or
nominated for election,  to the Board with the  affirmative  votes of at least a
majority of the Incumbent  Directors at the time of such election or nomination,
but shall not include an individual  not otherwise an Incumbent  Director  whose
election or  nomination  is in  connection  with an actual or  threatened  proxy
contest  relating to the  election  of  directors  to the  Board);  or (iii) the
consummation of (A) a complete  liquidation or dissolution of the Company or (B)
a merger or consolidation with the Company or in which securities of the Company
are  issued  or the sale of all or  substantially  all of the  Company's  assets
(collectively,  a  "Business  Combination")  other than a  Business  Combination
immediately after which (x) the stockholders of the Company  immediately  before
the Business Combination beneficially own, directly or indirectly,  more than 80
percent of the combined voting power of the voting securities of the corporation
or other business entity resulting from the Business  Combination  (which in the
case  of a  sale  of  substantially  all  of  the  Company's  assets  means  the
corporation or other  business  entity  acquiring  such assets) (the  "Resulting
Corporation"),  (y) at  least  a  majority  of the  Board  of  directors  of the
Resulting  Corporation  or the  direct or  indirect  parent  corporation  of the
Resulting  Corporation are Incumbent Directors and (z) no individual,  entity or
group  (excluding the Resulting  Corporation or any employee benefit plan of the
Resulting Corporation)  beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, 20 percent or
more  of  the  combined   voting  power  of  the  securities  of  the  Resulting
Corporation,  who did not own such  securities  immediately  before the Business
Combination.

                                       2
<PAGE>

     Committee.  The "Committee"  shall mean the  Compensation  Committee of the
Board.

     Compensation.  "Compensation"  means,  for any calendar  year, the sum of a
Participant's base salary and annual cash bonus earned during such calendar year
(including  any base salary or bonus  amounts  deferred at the  direction of the
Participant).

     Disability.  "Disability"  shall  have  the  definition  set  forth  in the
Participant's  employment agreement,  or absent an employment agreement defining
Disability,  Disability  shall have the  definition  set forth in the  Company's
long-term disability plan, or absent such a plan, Disability shall be defined as
a physical or mental  infirmity which  substantially  impairs the ability of the
Participant  to perform  his or her duties for the  Company for a period of more
than 180 days during any 365-day period. "Disabled" shall refer to a Participant
who has been determined to have a Disability.

     Early Retirement. "Early Retirement" means the Termination of Employment on
or  after  his or her  Early  Retirement  Date and  prior  to his or her  Normal
Retirement Date.

     Early  Retirement  Age.  "Early  Retirement  Age" means the date on which a
Participant attains age 55 and completes 15 Years of Service.

     Early  Retirement  Benefit.  "Early  Retirement  Benefit"  means a  benefit
calculated under Section 3.2.

     Early  Retirement Date.  "Early  Retirement Date" shall be the first day of
the month following the attainment by a Participant of Early Retirement Age.

     Employment.  "Employment"  refers to full-time or  substantially  full-time
employment by the Company or any of its subsidiaries.

     Final Average Compensation. "Final Average Compensation" is an amount equal
to a  Participant's  average  Compensation  during  his or her  final 5 Years of
Service.

     Good  Reason.  "Good  Reason"  shall have the  definition  set forth in the
Participant's  employment  agreement with the Company,  or, absent an employment
agreement defining Good Reason,  Good Reason shall mean the occurrence of one or
more of the following,  without the Participant's  prior written consent:  (i) a
material change,  adverse to the Participant,  in his or her position,  title or
office,  status,  rank,  nature of  responsibilities  or  authority  within  the
Company,  except in connection  with  termination  of his or her  employment for

                                       3
<PAGE>

Cause or Disability or as a result of action by the Participant, (ii) assignment
of duties  to the  Participant  that are  inconsistent  with his or her  duties,
status, rank, responsibilities or authority, (iii) decrease in the Participant's
base salary,  annual bonus opportunity or benefits (other than any such decrease
applicable to executives of the Company  generally),  and (iv) relocation of the
Participant's  principal place of business to a location more than 50 miles from
its location on the date when he or she first became a Participant.

     Normal Form. "Normal Form" means a monthly benefit payable in the form of a
single life annuity for the life of Participant with payment  guaranteed for 120
months.

     Normal  Retirement  Age.  "Normal  Retirement  Age" means the  earlier of a
Participant's  attainment  of age 65 or the date on which  the sum of his or her
age and Years of Service equals 90.

     Normal  Retirement  Benefit.  "Normal  Retirement  Benefit" means a benefit
calculated under Section 3.1.

     Normal  Retirement  Date.  "Normal  Retirement Date" shall be the January 1
that is the closest to the attainment by a Participant of Normal Retirement Age.

     Participant. A "Participant" is any senior officer or other key employee of
the Company who has become a participant in the Plan pursuant to Article II.

     Participant  Notice.  "Participant  Notice"  means the written  notice that
shall be provided by the Company to a Participant notifying him or her of his or
her  participation  in the Plan and  specifying  any special terms or conditions
applicable to such Participant's participation in the Plan.

     Primary  Insurance  Amount.  "Primary  Insurance  Amount" means the primary
insurance  amount  payable on a monthly basis to the  Participant  on his or her
Normal  Retirement  Date (excluding any benefit payable on behalf of a spouse or
other  dependent) as provided under the Federal Social Security Act or any other
similar  applicable  national  benefit  program as in effect on such  date.  The
Primary  Insurance  Amount shall be  determined  on the  following  assumptions,
notwithstanding facts to the contrary:

          (1) The  Participant's  sala ry history shall begin with calendar year
     1951 or the calendar year he or she attains age 22, whichever is later, and
     end with the calendar year  preceding the calendar year in which occurs the
     later  of  his or  her  Benefit  Commencement  Date  or  his or her  Normal
     Retirement  Date  (including  years when he or she was not  employed by the
     Company) (the "Salary History Period").

                                       4
<PAGE>

          (2) The  Participant  will be deemed to have earned wages in excess of
     the Social  Security  Act wage base during each year of the Salary  History
     Period.

          (3) The Participant will be deemed to have been employed in the United
     States during each year of the Salary History Period.

          (4) The  Participant's  Primary  Insurance  Amount  under  the  Social
     Security Act will commence  payment with the month in which the Participant
     attains his or her Normal  Retirement  Date or if his or her Termination of
     Employment  occurs  thereafter,  the  month  in  which  occurs  his  or her
     Termination of Employment.

In the  case of any  Participant  who may be  entitled  to  government  provided
retirement benefits payable by a government or a government sponsored retirement
program other than the United  States,  such  benefits  shall be included in the
Participant's  Primary  Insurance  Amount and shall be calculated on a basis and
using assumptions that are comparable to the foregoing.

     Supplemental  Retirement Benefit.  "Supplemental  Retirement Benefit" means
for any  Participant  a benefit  payable in the Normal Form,  commencing  on the
Participant's  Normal Retirement Date or, if later, the date on which his or her
Termination of Employment  occurs, and equal to the excess of (a) one-twelfth of
the product of 2% times the  Participant's  Years of Service  (not to exceed 20)
times the Participant's Final Average Compensation over (b) an amount payable in
the Normal Form equal to the  Actuarial  Equivalent  of the sum of the following
amounts:  (i)  50% of the  Participant's  Primary  Insurance  Amount,  (ii)  the
Participant's  accrued  benefit  under any other  defined  benefit  pension plan
maintained  by  the  Company  or  any  of  its   subsidiaries,   and  (iii)  the
Participant's  account balance as of the date of such Participant's  Termination
of Employment under any defined  contribution  pension or deferred  compensation
plan maintained by the Company or any of its subsidiaries other than any amounts
under such plan attributable to the Participant's  contributions,  including (a)
salary deferrals or similar amounts, and (b) any matching contributions thereon.

     Termination of Employment. "Termination of Employment" means the ceasing of
the Participant's  Employment for any reason whatsoever,  whether voluntarily or
involuntarily.

     Years of Service.  "Years of Service"  shall mean the calendar years during
which a Participant was employed by the Company (or any company  acquired by the
Company  or  any  of  its  subsidiaries),  commencing  with  the  calendar  year

                                       5
<PAGE>

commencing  on the January 1 nearest his or her date of hire and ending with the
calendar  year in which his or her  Termination  of Employment  occurs,  if such
Termination of Employment  occurs after the June 30th of that year, or the prior
calendar year if such Termination of Employment  occurs prior to the July 1st of
that  year.  The  Committee  may,  in the  Participant  Notice  or at  any  time
thereafter, provide a Participant with credit for additional Years of Service in
respect of periods for which he or she would not otherwise  receive credit under
the previous sentence.


                                       II

                          ELIGIBILITY AND PARTICIPATION
                          -----------------------------

     2.1  Eligibility.  Any senior  officer or other key employee of the Company
shall be eligible to participate in the Plan.

     2.2  Participation.  An eligible  officer or key  employee  shall  become a
Participant  in the Plan upon  approval by the  Committee  and  notification  by
Company's  Chief  Executive  Officer  that  he  or  she  has  been  selected  to
participate in the Plan. The effective date of a Participant's  participation in
the Plan shall be the date he or she  receives  the  Participant  Notice or such
other  date  as may be  determined  by the  Committee  and as set  forth  in the
Participant Notice.

     2.3 Terms and Conditions of Participants. Unless specified by the Committee
in the Participant Notice, a Participant's participation in the Plan shall be as
set forth in the terms of the Plan.  The  Committee may determine in the case of
any Participant that the terms and conditions of his or her participation in the
Plan shall be different that those set forth in the Plan (e.g., additional Years
of Service).  However,  unless set forth in the Participant  Notice,  no special
terms and conditions  applicable to any  Participant  shall be less favorable to
the Participant than those provided for by the terms of the Plan.

     2.4  Cessation  of  Participation.  An  individual  shall  cease  to  be  a
Participant  in the  Plan  once he or she has  received  from  the  Company  all
benefits to which he or she is entitled under the Plan.


                                       III

                               RETIREMENT BENEFITS
                               -------------------

     3.1 Normal Retirement Benefit. Except as provided in Section 3.3(b), 3.4 or
Article IV, in the event that a Participant's  Termination of Employment  occurs

                                       6
<PAGE>

on or after  (i) the date on which the  Participant  has  completed  15 Years of
Service or (ii) the  Participant's  Normal Retirement Age, upon the first day of
the month  coincident  with or next  following the later of (A) a  Participant's
Normal Retirement Date or (B) the Participant's  Termination of Employment,  the
Participant shall be entitled to commence to receive a monthly Normal Retirement
Benefit equal to the Participant's Supplemental Retirement Benefit.

     3.2 Early Retirement  Benefit.  Except as provided in Section 3.3(b),  3.4,
3.5 or Article IV, in the event that a  Participant's  Termination of Employment
occurs  prior to his or her  Normal  Retirement  Date and  such  Participant  is
entitled to receive a Normal Retirement Benefit pursuant to Section 3.1, if such
Participant  files a written election with the Committee at least one year prior
to his or her  Termination  of Employment (or at any other time with the consent
of the Committee) to commence his or her Early  Retirement  Benefit prior to his
or her Normal  Retirement Date, the Participant shall be entitled to commence to
receive a monthly  Early  Retirement  Benefit in an amount  that is equal to the
Actuarial  Equivalent as of his or her Benefit  Commencement  Date of his or her
accrued  Supplemental  Retirement  Benefit,  if the Participant  elects to begin
receiving the Early  Retirement  Benefit  prior to his or her Normal  Retirement
Date.

     3.3  Termination  Without  Cause  or for  Good  Reason.  In the  event of a
Participant's  Termination of Employment by the Company  without Cause or by the
Participant for Good Reason,

          (a) except as  provided  in Section  3.3(b),  if such  Termination  of
     Employment  occurs  prior to the  Participant's  completion  of 15 years of
     Service  or  his or her  Normal  Retirement  Date,  the  Participant  shall
     nevertheless  be entitled  to receive a Benefit  pursuant to Section 3.1 or
     3.2 based on the Participant's actual number of Years of Service commencing
     on or at any time  after  what  would  have been the  earlier of his or her
     Early Retirement Date or Normal Retirement Date, had he or she continued in
     Employment  with the Company  until such date.  The amount of such  benefit
     shall be determined in accordance  with Section 3.1 or 3.2, as the case may
     be, as of his or her Benefit  Commencement  Date based on the Participant's
     Supplemental Retirement Benefit; and

          (b)  if  such  Termination  of  Employment  occurs  within  two  years
     following a Change in Control,  the  Company  shall pay to the  Participant
     within 30 days after his or her Termination of Employment,  a cash lump sum
     equal to the  Actuarial  Equivalent of his or her  Supplemental  Retirement
     Benefit.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Participant may elect, by filing
     a written election with the Committee,  in lieu of the lump sum provided in
     this Section 3.3(b), to receive his or her Supplemental  Retirement Benefit
     in accordance  with Section 3.1, 3.2, or 3.3(a),  whichever is  applicable;

                                       7
<PAGE>

     provided,  however,  that any such election will only become  effective one
     year  following  the date on which  the  Committee  receives  such  written
     election. An election made in accordance with the preceding sentence may be
     revoked  by  filing a  subsequent  written  election  with  the  Committee;
     provided, however, that such revocation will only become effective one year
     following the date on which the Committee  receives such subsequent written
     election.  Once an election becomes  effective under this Section 3.3(b) it
     shall  remain  in  effect  until  a  revocation  of such  election  becomes
     effective.

     3.4 Termination for Cause.

          (a) A Participant  whose Employment is terminated by the Company shall
     not be entitled to receive any benefit under the Plan if,

               (i) such  Participant's  Employment  is terminated by the Company
          for Cause prior to the date on which the  Participant has completed 15
          Years of Service or the Participant's Normal Retirement Age; or

               (ii) such  Participant's  Employment is terminated by the Company
          for one of the  reasons  specified  in  clauses  (ii) or  (iii) of the
          definition  of  Cause  after  the date on which  the  Participant  has
          completed 15 Years of Service or the  Participant's  Normal Retirement
          Age.

          (b) A  Participant  whose  Employment is terminated by the Company for
     the reason  specified  in clause (i) of the  definition  of Cause after the
     date on which the  Participant  has  completed  15 Years of  Service or the
     Participant's  Normal  Retirement  Age shall  continue  to be  entitled  to
     receive benefits under the Plan.

     3.5  Disability.  A Participant  who has become  Disabled with less than 15
Years  of  Service  shall,  any  other  provision  of the  Plan to the  contrary
notwithstanding,  be  considered to be a  Participant  in the  Employment of the
Company during the period the Participant is Disabled until the date that is the
earlier of (i) five years from the date such Participant becomes Disabled,  (ii)
the date on which the  Participant  has completed 15 Years of Service,  or (iii)
the Participant's  Normal Retirement Age and his or her Supplemental  Retirement
Benefit shall  continue to accrue  during such period  (based on the  assumption
that his or her  Compensation  as of the date  his or her  Disability  commenced
continued  at the same  rate  during  the  period of his or her  Disability).  A
Participant  who has become  Disabled  prior to  completing  15 Years of Service
shall  continue to accrue  Years of Service for the purposes of  eligibility  to
receive  benefits  under the Plan (but not for the purposes of  calculating  the
amount of  Supplemental  Retirement  Benefits  payable to Participant  under the
Plan) until the earlier of (i) the  completion of 15 Years of Service,  (ii) the

                                       8
<PAGE>

Participant's  Normal Retirement Age or (iii) the date that is 30 days following
the date on which such Participant ceases to be Disabled unless such Participant
has resumed active Employment with the Company.

     In the event a Participant  remains  Disabled  following his or her Benefit
Commencement  Date, the monthly  Supplemental  Retirement Benefit payable to the
Participant  for any  month  shall  be in an  amount  that is  equal  to (a) the
Participant's  Normal Retirement Benefit if the Benefit  Commencement Date is on
or  after  his or her  Normal  Retirement  Date or (b) the  Participant's  Early
Retirement  Benefit in the event that the Participant elects to begin to receive
his or her Supplemental Retirement Benefit prior to his or her Normal Retirement
Date,  less,  in either case,  the amount of any  long-term  disability  benefit
received  by the  Participant  for that  month  under any  long-term  disability
insurance policy maintained by or through the Company or any of its subsidiaries
through the Participant's Normal Retirement Date.

     3.6  Failure to  Complete  15 Years of  Service.  Upon any  Termination  of
Employment of a  Participant  other than by reason of his or her death and other
than a Termination  of Employment  described in Section 3.1, 3.2, 3.3 or 3.5, if
the  Participant  has not  completed  15 Years of Service he or she shall not be
entitled to receive any benefit under the Plan.

     3.7  Alternative  Form of Benefit.  In lieu of receiving his or her benefit
under Section 3.1, 3.2, 3.3 (to the extent a Participant does not receive a lump
sum) or 3.5 in the Normal  Form, a  Participant  may elect to receive his or her
benefit as a reduced  monthly  benefit  in the form of a joint and 50%  survivor
annuity (the "Alternative  Form"). The Alternative Form shall be payable for the
life of the Participant and if the  Participant's  spouse (or other  Beneficiary
approved by the Committee) on his or her Benefit  Commencement Date survives the
Participant,  the surviving  spouse (or other  Beneficiary,  if applicable) will
receive for the  remainder of his or her life, a monthly  amount equal to 50% of
the monthly amount that was being paid to the Participant.  The Alternative Form
shall be the Actuarial Equivalent of the Normal Form. To receive the Alternative
Form, a Participant  must file a written election with the Committee at least 90
days  before  the  Benefit   Commencement  Date.  An  election  to  receive  the
Alternative Form shall be irrevocable without the Committee's consent,  provided
that  if  either  the  Participant  or  the   Participant's   spouse  (or  other
Beneficiary,  if  applicable)  dies  after the  election  is made and before the
Benefit Commencement Date, the election shall be null and void.

                                       9
<PAGE>

                                       IV

                                 DEATH BENEFITS
                                 --------------

     4.1 Death After 15 Years of Service But Before Retirement Eligibility. If a
Participant  dies  prior to the  earliest  of his or her Early  Retirement  Age,
Normal  Retirement Age and Normal Retirement Date but, in any case, after having
completed  15 Years of Service,  his or her  Beneficiary  is entitled to receive
payments  monthly  for 120  months,  commencing  at what  would  have  been  the
Participant's   earliest   retirement  date,  equal  to  the  benefit  that  the
Participant would have received on that date. Alternatively, the Beneficiary may
elect to receive the 50% survivor  annuity  determined as if the Participant had
elected the Alternative Form under Section 3.7.


     4.2 Death After Early Retirement Date or Normal  Retirement Date But Before
Benefit  Commencement  Date. If a Participant  dies after the earliest of his or
her Early Retirement Date, Normal Retirement Date and Normal Retirement Age but,
in any case, before such  Participant's  Benefit  Commencement  Date, his or her
Beneficiary is entitled to receive payments  monthly for 120 months,  commencing
on the first day of the month  immediately  succeeding  the date of death of the
Participant  equal to the benefit that the Participant had accrued at that date.
Alternatively,  the  Beneficiary  may elect to receive the 50% survivor  annuity
determined as if the Participant had elected the Alternative  Form under Section
3.7.

     4.3 Death After Benefit  Commencement Date. If a Participant dies after his
or her Benefit  Commencement  Date and before he or she has received 120 monthly
payments, his or her Beneficiary will continue to receive the monthly benefit to
which the  Participant  was entitled until a total of 120 monthly  payments have
been made;  provided,  however,  that if the Participant  elected to receive the
Alternative  Form,  no death  benefit will be payable  under the Plan unless the
Participant  is  survived by his or her  Beneficiary,  in which event his or her
Beneficiary will be entitled to receive the benefit provided in Section 3.7.

     4.4 Death Before Completing at Least 15 Years of Service.  If a Participant
dies  before  his or her  Normal  Retirement  Date and the  Participant  has not
completed at least 15 Years of Service,  no benefit  shall be payable  under the
Plan in respect of the Participant.

                                       10
<PAGE>

                                        V

                                     PAYMENT
                                     -------

     5.1  Commencement  of Payments.  Payment or  commencement of payments under
this  Plan  shall be made or begin as  promptly  as  practicable  following  the
occurrence of an event or the  satisfaction  of all conditions  which entitles a
Participant (or a Beneficiary) to payment or payments under this Plan.

     5.2  Withholding.  To the extent  required by the law in effect at the time
payments are made,  the Company shall  withhold from payments made hereunder any
taxes  required to be withheld by the Federal or any state or local  government.
If the Company is required  to withhold  employment  or other taxes prior to the
payment  of  benefits  under  the  Plan,  the  Company  shall  make  appropriate
arrangements with the Participant with respect to such withholding.


                                       VI

                                 ADMINISTRATION
                                 --------------

     6.1  Administration  of Plan. The Committee  shall  administer the Plan and
interpret,  construe and apply its provisions in accordance with its terms.  The
Committee shall establish,  adopt or revise such rules and regulations as it may
deem necessary or advisable for the administration of the Plan,  including,  but
not  limited  to,  such  additional  terms  and  conditions  with  respect  to a
Participant  as the  Committee,  in its sole  discretion,  may deem necessary or
advisable.  All decisions of the Committee shall be by vote of a majority of its
members or written consent of all of its members and shall be final, binding and
conclusive  on all  persons.  Members  of the  Committee  shall be  eligible  to
participate in the Plan while serving as a member of the Committee, but a member
of the Committee  shall not vote or act upon any matter which relates  solely to
such member as a Participant.

     6.2  Indemnification of Committee Members.  The Company shall indemnify and
hold  harmless  each  member of the  Committee  from any and all  claims,  loss,
damages,  expenses (including  reasonable counsel fees approved by the Company),
and liability  (including  any  reasonable  amounts paid in settlement  with the
Company's  approval),  arising from any act or omission of such  member,  except
when the same is judicially  determined  to be due to the willful  misconduct of
such member.

                                       11
<PAGE>

                                       VII

                            AMENDMENT OR TERMINATION
                            ------------------------

     7.1 Company's  Right to Amend or Terminate.  The Company  reserves the sole
right to terminate the Plan at any time. Each Participant  shall be fully vested
in his or her  Supplemental  Retirement  Benefit upon a termination of the Plan.
The Company further  reserves the right in its sole discretion to amend the Plan
in any respect, provided, however, that no such amendment that adversely affects
a  Participant's  rights  with  respect to benefits  theretofore  accrued by the
Participant shall be effective unless the Participant consents to such amendment
in  writing.  Notwithstanding  the  foregoing,  the Plan may not be  amended  or
terminated  prior to a Change in Control if such  amendment  or  termination  is
effected  (i) at the request of any third party who has  indicated  an intent or
taken steps to effectuate a Change of Control,  or (ii)  otherwise in connection
with or in anticipation of a Change in Control.

     7.2 Procedure for Amendment or  Termination.  Subject to the  provisions of
Section 7.1, the Plan may be amended or  terminated at any time by action of the
Board of Directors.


                                      VIII

                                  MISCELLANEOUS
                                  -------------

     8.1 Beneficiaries. Each Participant shall have the right, by giving written
notice to the Committee on such form as the Committee  shall adopt, to designate
a Beneficiary or  Beneficiaries to receive payments which become available under
the Plan should the  Participant  die. A  Beneficiary  who  becomes  entitled to
receive benefits pursuant to Section 4.2 or 4.3 (an "Initial Beneficiary") shall
have the right,  by giving  written  notice to the Committee on such form as the
Committee  shall  prescribe,  to designate a Beneficiary to receive any benefits
payable under the Plan should the Initial  Beneficiary  die. A Participant  or a
Beneficiary, as the case may be, may change the designated Beneficiary by filing
a new beneficiary designation form with the Committee, which change shall become
effective upon receipt by the Committee.  If a Participant or a Beneficiary,  as
the case may be, dies and has not  designated a  Beneficiary,  the estate of the
deceased  Participant or Beneficiary,  as the case may be, shall be deemed to be
the Beneficiary.

     8.2 No Right to Company Assets.  Neither a Participant nor any other person
shall  acquire by reason of the Plan any right in or title to any assets,  funds

                                       12
<PAGE>

or property of the Company whatsoever including, without limiting the generality
of the foregoing,  any specific  funds or assets which the Company,  in its sole
discretion, may set aside in anticipation of a liability hereunder, nor in or to
any policy or policies of  insurance on the life of a  Participant  owned by the
Company.  No trust shall be deemed to be created by the execution or adoption of
this Plan, and any benefits which become  payable  hereunder  shall be paid from
the general assets of the Company. The Company may establish a trust pursuant to
a trust  agreement  and make  contributions  thereto  for the  purpose of paying
benefits   hereunder;   provided,   however,   that  the   establishment  of  or
contributions  to such  trust  shall  not  affect  the  status of the Plan as an
unfunded plan maintained for the purpose of providing deferred  compensation for
a select group of  management  or highly  compensated  employees for purposes of
Title I of the Employee  Retirement  Income Security Act of 1974, as amended.  A
Participant shall have only a contractual right to the amounts,  if any, payable
hereunder unsecured by any assets of the Company.

     8.3 No Employment  Rights.  Nothing  herein shall  constitute a contract of
continuing  employment  or in any manner  obligate  the Company to continue  the
service of a  Participant,  or obligate a Participant to continue in the service
of the Company,  and nothing  herein shall be construed as fixing or  regulating
the compensation paid to a Participant.

     8.4 Nonassignability. Neither a Participant nor any other person shall have
any right to commute, sell, assign, transfer,  pledge,  anticipate,  mortgage or
otherwise encumber, transfer, hypothecate or convey in advance of actual receipt
the amounts, if any, payable hereunder,  or any part thereof, which are, and all
rights to which are, expressly declared to be unassignable and non-transferable.
No part of the amounts  payable shall,  prior to actual  payment,  be subject to
seizure or  sequestration  for the payment of any debts,  judgments,  alimony or
separate  maintenance  owed  by a  Participant  or  any  other  person,  nor  be
transferable by operation of law in the event of any  Participant's or any other
person's bankruptcy or insolvency.

     8.5 Protective  Provisions.  The  Participant  and any  Beneficiary who may
become  entitled  to receive  benefits  under the Plan will  cooperate  with the
Company by furnishing any and all information  requested by the Company in order
to  facilitate  the  payment  of  benefits   hereunder,   taking  such  physical
examinations  as the Company may deem  necessary and taking such other action as
may be requested by the Company.  If a Participant or Beneficiary  refuses so to
cooperate,  the Company shall have no further  obligation to the  Participant or
Beneficiary under the Plan.

     8.6 Offset.  If at the time payments or  installments of payments are to be
made hereunder a Participant  or his or her surviving  spouse is indebted to the

                                       13
<PAGE>

Company, then the payments remaining to be made to the Participant or his or her
surviving  spouse or both may, at the  discretion of the Board of Directors,  be
reduced by the amount of such indebtedness;  provided, however, that an election
by the Board of Directors  not to reduce any such payment or payments  shall not
constitute a waiver of the Company's claim for such indebtedness.

     8.7 Infancy or  Incompetence.  If the Committee  determines that any person
entitled to  payments  under the Plan is an infant or  incompetent  by reason of
physical or mental disability, it may cause all payments thereafter becoming due
to such  person to be made to any other  person  for such  person's  benefit  in
accordance  with  applicable  law,  without  responsibility  for  application of
amounts so paid.  Payments  made  pursuant to this  provision  shall  completely
discharge the Plan, the Company and the Committee (if any).

     8.8 Forfeiture of Payments. If the Company is unable to make payment to any
Participant  or other  person to whom a payment is due under the Plan because it
cannot ascertain the identity or whereabouts of such Participant or other person
after  reasonable  efforts  have been made to  identify  or locate  such  person
(including  a notice of the  payment so due mailed to the last known  address of
such  Participant or other person as shown on the records of the Company),  such
payment and all subsequent  payments  otherwise due to such Participant or other
person  shall be forfeited  twenty-four  (24) months after the date such payment
first  became due;  provided,  however,  that such  payment  and any  subsequent
payments shall be reinstated retroactively,  no later than sixty (60) days after
the date on which the Participant or person is identified or located.

     8.9 Gender and Number.  Wherever appropriate herein, the masculine may mean
the feminine and the singular may mean the plural or vice versa.

     8.10 Notice.  Any notice required or permitted to be given to the Committee
under the Plan shall be sufficient if in writing and hand delivered,  or sent by
registered or certified mail, to the principal  office of the Company,  directed
to the attention of the Secretary of the Committee.  Such notice shall be deemed
given as of the date of delivery or, if delivery is made by mail, as of the date
shown on the postmark or on the receipt for registration or certification.

     8.11  Validity.  In the event any  provision of this Plan is held  invalid,
void or unenforceable, the same shall not affect, in any respect whatsoever, the
validity of any other provision of this Plan.

                                       14
<PAGE>

     8.12  Applicable  Law.  This  Plan  shall  be  governed  and  construed  in
accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware without regard to conflicts of
law principles, except to the extent preempted by federal law.


                                       15








</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
