<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>ex10-32.txt
<DESCRIPTION>DEFEO AMENDED AND RESTATED NOTE
<TEXT>
                      AMENDED AND RESTATED PROMISSORY NOTE


$2,050,000.00                                             Date: October 26, 2001



     FOR VALUE RECEIVED,  RONALD M. DEFEO ("Payor") promises to pay to the order
of TEREX CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation ("Payee"), at its office located at
500 Post Road East, Westport,  Connecticut 06880, or at such other address as to
which Payee shall give  written  notice to Payor,  in lawful money of the United
States of America  and in  immediately  available  funds the sum of Two  Million
Fifty Thousand  Dollars  ($2,050,000)  on March 31, 2005 (the "Maturity  Date").
Payor shall also pay  interest on the unpaid  principal  hereof from  January 1,
2001 until said  principal  hereof shall become due and payable,  at the rate of
4.5% per annum. Interest hereunder shall be payable annually in arrears on April
1 of each calendar year commencing April 1, 2001, and on the Maturity Date.

     This Note amends and restates that certain  Promissory  Note dated March 2,
2000 in the original amount of $3,000,000 issued by Payor in favor of Payee (the
"Old  Note"),  which  Old Note is  superseded  by this  Note and shall be deemed
cancelled as of the date of this Note.

     If any payment of this Note  becomes due and payable on a Saturday,  Sunday
or a legal holiday under the laws of the State of New York, the maturity thereof
shall be extended to the next succeeding business day and interest thereon shall
be payable at the rate set forth above during such extension.

     This Note may be  voluntarily  prepaid in whole or in part.  Payor shall be
required to prepay the principal amount of this Note as follows:

          (1) Within  sixty (60) days  after the  closing  price on the New York
     Stock  Exchange  of the common  stock,  par value $.01 (the  "Terex  Common
     Stock"),   of  Terex  Corporation  reaches  $30  per  share  for  ten  (10)
     consecutive  trading  days,  Payor shall prepay such amount of this Note so
     that the outstanding principal balance of the loan is reduced to $1,500,000
     or less.

          (2) Within  sixty (60) days  after the  closing  price on the New York
     Stock  Exchange  of the common  stock,  par value $.01 (the  "Terex  Common
     Stock"),   of  Terex  Corporation  reaches  $40  per  share  for  ten  (10)
     consecutive  trading days,  Payor shall prepay the remaining unpaid balance
     of this Note plus unpaid interest through the date of prepayment.

          (3)  If  Payor   receives  any  payment  with  respect  to  the  Terex
     Corporation 1999 Long-Term  Incentive Plan, Payor is required to prepay the
     remaining  unpaid  balance of this Note plus  interest  through the date of
     prepayment.

     In the event that Payor is required to prepay this Note  pursuant to clause
(1) or (2) above,  and at such time the Board of Directors of Terex  Corporation
determines  that Payor can not sell Payor's shares of Terex Common Stock without
a risk of  violating  securities  or other laws,  the  prepayment  date shall be
extended  until such date as Payor can legally sell shares of Terex Common Stock
without restriction.

     This Note shall be deemed the  "Promissory  Note" under that certain Pledge
and Assignment  Agreement between Payor and Payee dated as of March 2, 2000 (the

<PAGE>

"Pledge and Assignment  Agreement"),  and repayment of this Note is secured by a
pledge of assets of Payor pursuant to the Pledge and Assignment Agreement.

     The following events shall constitute "Events of Default" hereunder:

          (a) If Payor  shall  fail to pay when due,  whether  at  maturity,  by
     acceleration or otherwise, the payment of any amount due hereunder;

          (b)  If  proceedings  under  any  bankruptcy  or  insolvency  law  are
     commenced by Payor,  or if  proceedings  under any bankruptcy or insolvency
     law are commenced against Payor, or if a general assignment for the benefit
     of  creditors  of Payor is made or if a  trustee  or  receiver  of  Payor's
     property is appointed;

          (c)  Payor's  ceases  to be an  employee  of  Payee  for  any  reason,
     including by reason of death or disability; or

          (d) Any agreement,  instrument or document delivered to Payee by Payor
     shall  terminate or become void or  unenforceable  without  Payee's written
     consent.

     Payee  shall be  entitled,  upon  the  occurrence  of an  Event of  Default
specified  in  clauses  (a),  (c) or  (d),  by  declaration  to such  effect  to
accelerate payment of the unpaid balance of this Note, in which event the entire
unpaid  principal  balance hereof shall  immediately be due and payable together
with interest.  Upon the  occurrence of an Event of Default  specified in clause
(b) above, the entire unpaid principal  balance hereof shall  immediately be due
and payable together with interest without declaration, notice or demand.

     No delay on the part of the holder in exercising any of its options, powers
or rights nor any partial or single  exercise of its  options,  powers or rights
shall constitute a waiver thereof or of any other option, power or right, and no
waiver on the part of the holder of any of its  options,  powers or rights shall
constitute a waiver of any other option,  power or right.  Failure of the holder
hereof to assert any right  herein  shall not be deemed to be a waiver  thereof.
This Note may be modified or cancelled,  only by the written  agreement of Payor
and Payee.

     Payor hereby waives presentment for payment,  dishonor,  protest, notice of
protest and any demand whatsoever with respect to this Note. Payor agrees to pay
all costs including all attorneys' fees and  disbursements  incurred by Payee in
collecting or enforcing payment of this Note in accordance with its terms.

     This Note and the  rights  and  obligations  of Payor  and  Payee  shall be
governed by and construed in  accordance  with the internal laws of the State of
Connecticut.  Payor  hereby  waives  any  right to  trial  by jury in any  legal
proceeding related in any way to this.



                                            --------------------------
                                            Ronald M. DeFeo


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
