<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.74
<SEQUENCE>12
<FILENAME>tmok02ex10-74.txt
<TEXT>
                                                                   Exhibit 10.74

MASSACHUSETTS
GENERAL HOSPITAL

The MGH Executive Registry and
Corporate Care Program
101 Merrimac Street, M01-201
Boston, Massachusetts 02114-4719
Tel: 617.726.4444, Fax: 617.726.4249


Welcome to the Executive Registry Program at the Massachusetts General Hospital!


As an Executive  Registry  member you are  entitled to a world of benefits.  The
Executive  Registry was designed to meet the needs of busy executives for rapid,
discrete  access  to the best  health  care  possible.  The  Executive  Registry
provides:

     o    Hospital  assistance  services  including  coordination of routine and
          emergency inpatient admissions,  outpatient primary or specialty care,
          second opinions and follow-up care

     o    Health care  planning  for members and their  families who relocate to
          another city or country

     o    Predeparture  services such as  coordinating services for
          immunizations

     o    Global emergency transportation coordination

Professional  staff assist with arranging  local care at the MGH during business
hours.  After  hours  health  care  assistance  is  available  around the clock,
twenty-four  hours a day, seven days a week,  through the specialized  emergency
paging system.

The primary objective of the Executive Registry program is to be the facilitator
of the  highest  quality  medical  care  for  executives  while  traveling  both
domestically and internationally,  but we are also committed to facilitating the
same excellent  care at any time of need to the executive and his/her  immediate
dependent  family  members.  While  traveling,  either for business or pleasure,
Executive Registry members can obtain care at any affiliate worldwide.  The toll
free number on the back of your Executive Registry card routes the caller to the
nearest  Executive  Registry  location,  and program staff assist with arranging
care.

The Executive  Registry  adds value to your current  health care  coverage.  The
program is not a substitute or replacement  for a health  insurance plan, but it
is a very valuable  supplementary service which will ensure ready access to some
of the finest medical care to be found both domestically and abroad.

Please call  617-726-4444  to access the Executive  Registry  services or if you
have questions regarding your benefit.


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
