<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex100210.txt
<DESCRIPTION>PENSION PLAN CHANGE
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                    EXHIBIT 10.3

                          AMENDMENT #2 TO THE
           RETIREMENT PENSION PLAN FOR EMPLOYEES OF TRANS-LUX
       CORPORATION AND CERTAIN OF ITS SUBSIDIARIES AND/OR AFFILIATES

PREAMBLE

1.    Adoption and effective date of amendment
      ----------------------------------------

This amendment of the Retirement Pension Plan for Employees of Trans-Lux
Corporation and Certain of Its Subsidiaries and/or Affiliates is adopted to
reflect certain provisions of the Economic Growth and Tax Relief Reconciliation
Act of 2001 ("EGTRRA").  This amendment is intended as good faith compliance
with the requirements of EGTRRA and is to be construed in accordance with EGTRRA
and guidance issued thereunder.  Except as otherwise provided, this amendment
shall be effective as of the first day of the first Plan year beginning after
December 31, 2001.

2.    Supersession of inconsistent provisions
      ---------------------------------------

This amendment shall supersede the provisions of the Plan to the extent those
provisions are inconsistent with the provisions of this amendment.


SECTION 1.  LIMITATIONS ON BENEFITS

1.  Effective date
    --------------

    This Section shall be effective for limitation years ending after December
    31, 2001.

2.  Effect on participants
    ----------------------

    Benefit increases resulting from the increase in the limitations of Section
    415(b) of the Code will be provided to all current and former participants
    (with benefits limited by Section 415(b)) who have an accrued benefit under
    the Plan immediately prior to the effective date of this Section (other
    than an accrued benefit resulting from a benefit increase solely as a result
    of the increases in limitations under Section 415(b)).

3.  Definitions
    -----------

    3.1  Defined benefit dollar limitation

    The "defined benefit dollar limitation" is $160,000, as adjusted, effective
    January 1 of each year, under Section 415(d) of the Code in such manner as
    the Secretary shall prescribe, and payable in the form of a straight life
    annuity.  A limitation as adjusted under Section 415(d) will apply to
    limitation years ending with or within the calendar year for which the
    adjustment applies.

    3.2  Maximum permissible benefit

    The "maximum permissible benefit" is the lesser of the defined benefit
    dollar limitation or the defined benefit compensation limitation (both
    adjusted where required, as provided in (i), and if applicable, in (ii) or
    (iii) below).

    (i) If the participant has fewer than 10 years of participation in the Plan,
        the defined benefit dollar limitation shall be multiplied by a fraction,
        (A) the numerator of which is the number of years (or part thereof) of
        participation in the Plan and (B) the denominator of which is 10.  In
        the case of a participant who has fewer than 10 years of service with
        the employer, the defined benefit compensation limitation shall be
        multiplied by a fraction, (C) the numerator of which is the number of
        years (or part thereof) of service with the employer and (D) the
        denominator of which is 10.

   (ii) If the benefit of a participant begins prior to age 62, the defined
        benefit dollar limitation applicable to the participant at such earlier
        age is an annual benefit payable in the form of a straight life annuity
        beginning at the earlier age that is the actuarial equivalent of the
        defined benefit dollar limitation applicable to the participant at age
        62 (adjusted under (i) above, if required).  The defined benefit dollar
        limitation applicable at an age prior to age 62 is determined as the
        lesser of (A) the actuarial equivalent (at such age) of the defined
        benefit dollar limitation computed using the factor specified in
        Appendix A of the Plan and (B) the actuarial equivalent (at such age) of
        the defined benefit dollar limitation computed using the factor
        specified in Appendix A of the Plan or (C) using a 5 percent interest
        rate and the IRS Mortality Table.  In determining actuarial equivalence
        for this purpose, the mortality decrement will be ignored to the extent
        that a forfeiture does not occur on death.

  (iii) If the benefit of a participant begins after the participant attains
        age 65, the defined benefit dollar limitation applicable to the
        participant at the later age is the annual benefit payable in the form
        of a straight life annuity beginning at the later age that is
        actuarially equivalent to the defined benefit dollar limitation
        applicable to the participant at age 65 (adjusted under (i) above, if
        required).  The actuarial equivalent of the defined benefit dollar
        limitation applicable at an age after age 65 is determined as (A) the
        lesser of the actuarial equivalent (at such age) of the defined benefit
        dollar limitation computed using the interest rate and mortality table
        (or other tabular factor) specified in Appendix A of the Plan and (B)
        the actuarial equivalent (at such age) of the defined benefit dollar
        limitation computed using a 5 percent interest rate assumption and the
        IRS Mortality Table.  In determining actuarial equivalence for this
        purpose, the accumulation of value after age 65 but prior to the actual
        commencement of benefits does not reflect the mortality decrement to the
        extent that the benefit will not be forfeited if the participant dies
        between age 65 and the date benefits actually commence.


SECTION 2.  DIRECT ROLLOVERS OF PLAN DISTRIBUTIONS

1.   Effective date
     --------------

     This Section shall apply to distributions made after December 31, 2001.

2.   Modification of definition of eligible retirement plan
     ------------------------------------------------------

"For purposes of the direct rollover provisions in Section 11.5 of the Plan, an
eligible retirement plan shall also mean an annuity contract described in
Section 403(b) and an eligible plan under Section 457(b) of the Code which is
maintained by a state, political subdivision of a state, or an agency or
instrumentality of a state or political subdivision of a state and which agrees
to separately account for amounts transferred into such plan from this Plan.
The definition of eligible retirement plan shall also apply in the case of a
distribution to a surviving spouse, or to a spouse or former spouse who is the
alternate payee under a qualified domestic relation order, as defined in Section
414(p) of the Code."

SECTION 3.  DEFINITION OF IRS MORTALITY TABLE

1.  Effective date
    --------------

    This Section shall apply to distributions made after December 30, 2002.

2.  Modification of definition of definition of IRS Mortality Table
    ---------------------------------------------------------------

    "IRS Mortality Table" means the mortality table prescribed by the Secretary
    of the Treasury under Section 417(e)(3)(A)(ii)(I) of the Code as in effect
    on the first day of the applicable Stability Period.  However, when
    determining the amount of a Retirement Allowance with an Annuity Starting
    Date on or after December 31, 2002, the IRS Mortality Table means the
    mortality table prescribed by Revenue Ruling 2001-62.




P:\Pension amendment 2


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
